Neverending stream of browser windows open after attempting to open an octet/stream file when open file automatically option is set and file does not exist
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.5) Gecko/20030916
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.5) Gecko/20031007 Firebird/0.7

Mozilla Firebird opens a never ending stream of new browser windows it is
selected as the application to open an unknown file type (octet/stream in this
case). 

The file I was trying to open does exist but even on IE, it took several
refreshes before the file would load. For that reason, I do not know if this
behavior is caused because the file can not be found or if it happens even when
the file exists. I wasn't able to find any other octet/stream files to test further.

If the "Do this automatically for files like this from now on" is selected for
the file type, Firebird will attempt to open the file, fail(?), and then proceed
to open another browser window. It does this continuously and without user
input. I tried to use Alt-F4 command to close the latest window so the process
would stop, but it keeps going anyway. I eventually ended the task using
Window's Task Manager. I never let the process continue longer than a minute but
even by then, it had opened more than 25 new windows.

The error also exists if the browser is set to prompt you for each download. In
this scenario, simply pressing the OK button on the download prompt with
Firebird selected as the program to use will open another browser window with
yet another download prompt. The user can continue to select the OK button to
repeat the behavior described above but with more control. Pressing the Cancel
button will stop the process.

I was able to reproduce this error on Mozilla 1.5 but the build is more than two
weeks old (09/26/2003). This version of Firebird is 10 days old.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Visit http://www.suse.de/en/private/download/suse_linux/index.html
2. Select the "installation guideline" link to visit
ftp://ftp.suse.com/pub/suse/i386/current/README.FTP
3. A download prompt appears. Select Firebird as the application to open with
and check the "Do this automatically for files like this from now on" option.
4. Press the OK button.
5. Watch as new browser windows are endlessly opened.
6. End the entire application process.
Actual Results:  
New browser windows are opened one after the other until the application is killed.

Expected Results:  
Display a file not found error if the file doesn't exist.
Attempt to open the file once and if that fails, prompt the user for action.