Unnecessary mouse clicks required when using "but ask before accepting" option
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.5) Gecko/20031007 Firebird/0.7
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.5) Gecko/20031007 Firebird/0.7

Background:  I prefer to individually accept or deny cookies.  I like the idea
of being able to have an option to have my selection apply always for the site
or only this time around.  The current mechanism uses a check-mark whose setting
is remembered between dialog boxes.

Problem:  When the dialog box comes up, to accept always, if the check box is
already selected, I click Accept (note - a single click).  If it is not already
selected, I have to select the check box and then click Accept (note - two
clicks).  For a single operation, sometimes I have one click, sometimes I have
two.  (Note: similar for accept once, deny always, and deny once.)

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.  Enable asking for accept/deny cookies in preferences.
2.  Go to a site that asks for cookies.
3.  See Details above for what to do from there.
Actual Results:  
I get asked whether or not I want to accept the cookie, and sometimes I have to
click once and other times I have to click twice -- *for the same operation*.

Expected Results:  
Feature Request:  There are a couple characteristics of better functionality. 
One is that the procedure to "Accept Always" should always be the same, i.e.,
you shouldn't have to click once sometimes and click twice other times.  The
other is that the number of clicks (key or mouse) should be minimal, preferrably
one.  Where this is not possible, the number of clicks should be minimal for the
some harmless behavior (keep in mind that views on what is or isn't harmless can
be subjective).

Possible solution #1: Have four buttons (Accept, Deny, Accept Always, Deny
Always).  This solution might be suboptimal if other options are added, for
example, if issue 75915 (whitelisting individual cookies from an otherwise
blacklisted site) is implemented, and then it is decided to add the ability to
accept this cookie (from this site) always in the dialog we're talking about,
then you would need 2 additional buttons (for a total of 6 -- Accept, Deny,
Accept this site always, Deny this site always, Accept this cookie from this
site always, Deny this cookie from this site always).

Possible solution #2: Have the check-box be non-sticky.  This would mean the
check-box either is or is not checked by default.  The state should be selected
so that just pushing "Accept" or "Deny" does the least harm, i.e., only accepts
or denies that cookie once.  The more permanent and weighty decision of "Accept
Always" or "Deny Always" would require two clicks, but that decision would
always be more permanent and the overhead would not be re-incurred if you
visited that site often.  Also, this solution would more easily allow for other
options (either additional checkboxes if the option is independent or radio
buttons if mutually exclusive) without an explosion of buttons as might result
in Solution #1 above.

There may be other solutions to this problem that I have not dreamed of, as well.