Links randomely cause zombie thread which must be killed with Task Manager
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.6b) Gecko/20031208 Firebird/0.7+
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.6b) Gecko/20031208 Firebird/0.7+

The behavior seems to have become worse a few weeks ago. If I click on a link
(or open a bookmark, or allow SessionSaver to restore a link, etc.) and it does
not resolve (Correctly? In time? ???), the throbber and the spinner on the tab
continue to spin forever. (What used to happen was the link was unavailable
until you reloaded the page. However, all other links worked normally.) If you
click another link, or hit STOP, or hit RELOAD, you are hosed becaue no other
link will work until you restart the browser. All menus work and respond
normally. If you click on the "Red X" to close Firebird, the window closes
immediately. However, if you attempt to restart Firebird, you get an error that
someone is already using your profile. You must use Task Manager to kill the
zombie Mozilla thread. Now you can restart Firebird.

I am using a P4 with HyperThreading turned on. I cannot find it now, but I saw
an entry in a thread on Mozillazine where someone suggested the zombie thread
might be caused by a problem with hyperthreading. 

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
There is no known reliable way to reproduce the problem.  It *seems* to be
related to network load.  The behavior is as if a link is unable to resolve or
load correctly (or in time).  However, this exact same link and page will load
correctly most of the time.  Very frustrating.
Actual Results:  
When the bug does happen, the throbber and tab spinner continue to animate
forever.  Clicking on any link, selecting a bookmark, clicking on STOP or
RELOAD, does nothing to resolve the problem.  No matter what you do (even if you
have multiple Firebird windows open) will allow you to browse to any other page.
 You must close Firebird and then kill the zombie thread before you can restart
Firebird.

Expected Results:  
If a link cannot be resolved correct, an error should be generated.
If a link cannot be resolved in time, an error should be generated.
Regardless of cause, the user should be able to click on any other link, select
a bookmard, or RELOAD the page successfully.  When Firebird is closed, there
should be no remaining zombie threads.

At times, the problem happens more frequently.  It is possible this is due to
network load on my PC.  The problem eventually happens EVERY TIME I try to use
Firebird.  I have tried many different versions (both standard and optimized)
and the problem remains.

Could this be related to P4 HyperThreading???

(No other application has this problem.)