can't modify/delete bookmarks first launch
User-Agent:       
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.2; en-US; rv:1.6) Gecko/20040206 Firefox/0.8

Problem:
I can't add bookmarks, move, or delete them.  Same for folders and separators.

Steps Performed:
1) I downloaded firefox.  No previous version of Mozilla or Firebird was on the
computer.  
2) I installed it, choosing customized options to enable the developer tools. 
All the other options were the same.
3) I said, "yes, just go ahead and launch firefox" or whatever the message is. 
I said "no" to making it my default browser.
4) I got into the options menu:
   - blanked the homepage
   - set it not to remember forms or passwords
   - block popup windows
   - load images from originating site only
   - selected smooth scrolling
5) Disabled the bookmark toolbar
6) Selected "manage bookmarks".  Selected all of the imported IE bookmarks under
the IE bookmark folder.  Selected "Cut".  Tried to paste them into the root
bookmarks folder.  It didn't work.  I tried to delete the default folders --
wouldn't work.  No go for the separators too.  Wouldn't let me add a bookmark or
a folder either.
7) Exited firefox and restarted it.  All of my changes were applied!  So it
seems like some sort of refresh problem.
8) I wanted to see if I could reproduce the problem with a cleaner install
(fewer variables).  So I used the uninstall firefox utility.  Then I deleted the
firefox folder from c:\program files and reinstalled it with default options.  I
could not reproduce the bug at this point.  I'm guessing bookmarks are saved in
the registry, because they were all still there.  

If I knew how to clean out all of the settings, maybe I could reproduce this bug?


System Details:
I am running Windows Server 2003.  A fairly new install that hasn't been crapped
up like Windows installations tend to do after a while.  Bugzilla had an option
to set the OS to Windows Server 2003, but when I clicked submit, it didn't
accept it.

Related Bugs:
These bugs didn't describe my problem perfectly enough to where I thought this
was a dupe, but they seemed similar enough to possibly be related, so I'm
listing them:

http://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=233515
http://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=233595
http://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=229276
http://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=211692

I will be watching this bug in case there are questions.  Unfortunately, this is
not my main computer and isn't even in the same town.  It's the parents'
computer, so I can't try anything fishy.  This also means that I am unable to
compile by myself, although I'm willing to test patches or workarounds.  Also,
I'm only here on the weekends (because of school).  I can test and compile stuff
on my gentoo linux box at the dorms, though, if that will help.

Thanks,
Josh


Reproducible: Couldn't Reproduce
Steps to Reproduce:
1) I installed firefox, choosing customized options to enable the developer
tools.  (No previous versions of Mozilla browsers were ever installed). All the
other options were the defaults.
2) I said, "yes, just go ahead and launch firefox" or whatever the message is. 
I said "no" to making it my default browser.
3) I got into the options menu:
   - blanked the homepage
   - set it not to remember forms or passwords
   - block popup windows
   - load images from originating site only
   - selected smooth scrolling
4) Disabled the bookmark toolbar
5) Selected "manage bookmarks".  Selected all of the imported IE bookmarks under
the IE bookmark folder.  Selected "Cut".  Tried to paste them into the root
bookmarks folder.  It didn't work.  I tried to delete the default folders --
wouldn't work.  No go for the separators too.  Wouldn't let me add a bookmark or
a folder either.
6) Exited firefox and restarted it.  All of my changes were applied!  So it
seems like some sort of refresh problem.
7) I wanted to see if I could reproduce the problem with a cleaner install
(fewer variables).  So I used the uninstall firefox utility.  Then I deleted the
firefox folder from c:\program files and reinstalled it with default options.  I
could not reproduce the bug at this point.  I'm guessing bookmarks are saved in
the registry, because they were all still there.  

If I knew how to clean out all of the settings, maybe I could reproduce this bug?


Actual Results:  
Couldn't edit bookmarks first time firefox was launched, or at least the changes
weren't being refreshed.  Restarting the browser showed the changes, and also
allowed normal editing.  Reinstallation of firefox caused failure to reproduce bug.

Expected Results:  
I should have been able to move/delete bookmarks/separators/folders