The cookie manager behaves in an unexpected manner when the user tries to block and allow the same web site.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.6) Gecko/20040206 Firefox/0.8
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.6) Gecko/20040206 Firefox/0.8

Open the firefox cookie manager and click on exception. Add a website and press
allow and block several times.On clicking ‘allow’ it depicts the status in the
same row. When we click ‘block’ for a URI already listed, instead of changing
(toggle) the status of that URI, it toggles the status of a different URI.



Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1.Open Firefox browser and click on tools. Click the option button and go to
privacy setting. Click the exception button in the cookie section
2.A blank text field appears that asks for address of websites. Adjacent to the
text field there are two buttons, allow and block
3.Fill the text field with a valid web site address as an input
4.Fill the valid field with invalid inputs such as number and alphanumeric
characters.
5.Click on block and then click allow. Repeat the procedure several times,
clicks allow and then block. Observe the result

Actual Results:  
For the input field ‘site’ Firefox accepts almost any input.On clicking ‘allow’
it depicts the status in the same row. When we click ‘block’ for a URI already
listed, instead of changing (toggle) the status of that URI, it toggles the   
status of a different URI. 
     However this behavior is inconsistent with the other input URIs


Expected Results:  
If the user chooses to allow or block a particular URI, he should be able to do
so, rather than the program behaving in an unexpected manner 

Follow up Test:
1) We tried replicating the same problem with other famous browser but this
problem is specific to Firefox.
2) On adding large input fields ,the cookie manager accepts junk inputs in it's
field. For Eg, alphanumeric characters,numeric character and huge text fields 

Importance of Bug :
a) the bug reveals error in a crucial functionality of the browser.
b) the cookie manager should be able to block all the web sites that are listed.
Instead it shows unexpected result.