Allow users to pick and choose file associations
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.6) Gecko/20040206 Firefox/0.8
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.6) Gecko/20040206 Firefox/0.8

I've marked this bug as minor, because I believe that its non-implementation
does lose some functionality that is expected of an application in Windows.

Given that there will actually be seperate document icons for files associated
with Firefox, shouldn't there be something in options (in Windows, at least)
that allows you to select which files you do and don't want associated with
Firefox?  I recently had to manually associate .SWF with Firefox, and it was a
PITA.  Windows' automatic association doesn't work too well - to do it properly
(ie. get the Firefox icon associated with the filetype), I had to go into
Explorer's advanced settings, which I can't see the average user doing.

It's definitely worth noting that most Windows apps that do associate with files
- *especially* common types such as html, xml, etc - have this type of in-app
dialog box - it's the standard Windows way of doing things (see Paint Shop Pro,
Photoshop, Winamp, Winzip, WinRAR, WinACE, Cool Edit... plenty more).

I'm puzzled as to why Ben seems to be against this feature, because I think it
would not only be a great feature to have, but would be *expected* in an app by
most Windows users.  It's not a very good idea to grab a set of default
extensions if you're not going to give the user the option to then deselect some
of them if they would rather Firefox not auto-associate with them.  It would
also be great if users who wished Firefox to be associated with some of the less
fundamental browser filetypes (like me) were able to choose, fro within Firefox,
to associate it with them - things like .SWF files, for example, could be
included in the dialog, desclected by default.

Mozilla provides a perfect example of how to implement this, under the 'Advanced
| System' preferences section, in the Windows version.  This addition to Firefox
would apply to Windows, and I'm not sure about Mac, but probably not Linux.

Isn't the spirit of Firefox to allow users to customize their browser, because
one size doesn't fit all?  Grabbing one set of default file associations and not
letting the user modify this selection to their own desire seems to go directly
against this mantra.  I urge the developers of Firefox to reconsider adding this
feature, and at the very least, think of adding it in the future, rather than
marking it WONTFIX.  :-)

Reproducible: Couldn't Reproduce
Steps to Reproduce: