Mysterious bouncing of browser pane, navigation-bar favicon.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; FreeBSD i386; en-US; rv:1.7) Gecko/20040616 Firefox/0.9
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; FreeBSD i386; en-US; rv:1.7) Gecko/20040616 Firefox/0.9

This one has me stumped, but I'm reporting it in light of bug 247116 ("Web pages
'bounce' when "Bookmarks Toolbar Items" is empty," Win32), among others.  It's
also annoyingly hard to explain, so bear with me.

Sessions start out normally, but at some point in their lifetime (given my
inability to reproduce, I'll almost call this time-dependent, as the probability
seems to grow towards unity the more browsing I've done), any page load activity
-- opening a link, reloading, visiting a new URI -- causes the browser pane to
"bounce" up and down by a pixel or two, once 'immediately' as the event is
performed... and sometimes again after redrawing.  The favicon in the URI entry
field also "bobs" up and back by the same amount, in synchrony with the browser
pane.

To define it better, a "bounce" of the browser pane consists of the entire
browser pane shifting up to intrude on the border with the tab bar (the lower
border against the status bar also grows; if there's a horizontal scrollbar, you
can easily watch it 'lift' the same amount from the border with the status bar),
and the favicon in the entry field in the navigation toolbar shifting by the
same amount.  At the end of a "bounce," the browser pane 'drops' back to its
normal position, momentarily leading to the thin dark-grey border with the tab
bar doubling in thickness before it too redraws.  The page view in the pane
shifts with the pane; everything else stays static, and the search field icon is
not effected as the URI-field favicon is.

This seems to start out as a single bounce immediate with the initial link-click
or load event (which is initially hard to notice), and then later progresses to
add a secondary bounce, which seems to slow down page loads, if only for all the
redrawing.

Once it's started happening, it occurs on all tabs in all windows of an open
session.  If an empty tab is opened, the border with the tab bar will redraw
white on the initial bounce, instead of dark-grey, making it harder to notice.

If the page does not have a favicon, the default favicon will bounce equally.

[Not expecting a quick resolution, reporting in the hope of collecting more data
points.]

Reproducible: Couldn't Reproduce
Steps to Reproduce:
As noted, I am stumped as to what actually instigates this.

My full configuration is FireFox 0.9/GTK2.4.3, on FreeBSD, XFree86 4.4.0,
WindowMaker 0.80.2, with window sizes of 800x600 or less.

I browse with the navigation bar set to text-only, and the Bookmarks toolbar
disabled (but occupied with a default "Phoenix Discussion Boards" link, so it's
not empty).

Extensions installed are undoclosetab 20040617, SuperScroll 1.5.2, Plain Text
Links 0.2, and Linky 2.1.0.

I've been unable to reproduce this on an extension-free profile, but I've been
unable to reproduce it quickly on my extension-laden profile, as well.  I'll
have been browsing for a day, and then suddenly notice, usually in line with
Murphy's Law.



The machine is a dual P-II 400MHz with a Matrox G200, to the extent that fast
CPUs and graphics systems may be masking this for users who've had more cash for
hardware.