Attempting to print anything from Firefox causes browser to crash and shut down [@ comdlg32.dll ]
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7) Gecko/20040626 Firefox/0.9.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7) Gecko/20040626 Firefox/0.9.1

Am connected to 2 networked laser printers. The server that these were connected
to changed so I had to delete and reinstall printers attached to the new server.
Firefox didn't seem to pick this up - the networked printers no longer appeared
in the drop down list in the print dialog box. A networked deskjet printer
attached to a single machine (rather than a server) was all that would appear in
the list. I deleted the deskjet printer and now find that clicking on File>print
causes Firefox to crash and shutdown. I tried logging out/in (with different
windows user accounts) and rebooting windows and using a different profile for
Firefox but it didn't help. Same behaviour observed with Netscape and Mozilla
browsers. Uninstalled Firefox, Netscape and Mozilla and deleted Mozilla folders
from Programme Files and user settings so that profiles weren't retained.
Downloaded and installed latest version of Firefox. Same problem - I am logged
into server and can print to networked printers from any other Windows
application but Firefox crashes and shuts down every time I try to print from it.

Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1. Click File
2. Click Print...


Actual Results:  
Firefox crashed. Error:
firefox.exe has encountered a problem and needs to close. We are sorry for the
inconvenience.
Click here to find out about this error. If you click the link you get:

Error signature:
AppName: firefox.exe	 AppVer: 0.9.0.0	 ModName: comdlg32.dll
ModVer: 6.0.2800.1106	 Offset: 0000b11e

Close error messages and left with Netscape Quality Feedback Agent. Sent errors
the first couple of times but gave up after that.

Expected Results:  
Printed the page!

comdlg32.dll

Perhaps for some reason Firefox doesn't believe that I am authenticated to use
these printers and thus doesn't 'see' them? Internet Explorer has picked up the
new printers fine but I'd rather not use IE.