No hover highlighting (i.e. mouse-tracking) in Bookmarks/History sidebar
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.7) Gecko/20040707 Firefox/0.9.2 StumbleUpon/1.994
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.7) Gecko/20040707 Firefox

Although the issue of single versus double clicking has been raised in relation
to the History and Bookmark sidebars
http://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=171106   the issue of hover
highlighting has not been mentioned or dealt with. 

The History bar ALREADY has single-click activation implemented, so therefore it
should have hover highlighting and selection as well.

At the moment it is impossible to select more than one bookmark item, because
you have to click to select (due to there being no mouse-over selection). But
this does not work because clicking causes the bookmark to launch immediately.
Even if you hold down control or shift (the standard ways to multiple select)
the book marks still launch as soon as you click on them.



Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open History Side bar
2. Attempt to select more than one bookmark (by holding down the cntrl key and
clicking on the files one after another).


Actual Results:  
The bookmarks that you clicked on are not selected, they just launch into the
browser window as soon as they are clicked. You still end up with only 1 item
selected.

Expected Results:  
The bookmark should changed colour on mouse-over and become selected shorty
after (if the mouse stays hovered over it). That way, you can hold down the
control key and hover over several bookmarks (selecting each one in turn). The
same should apply with the shift key (for selecting the start and end point of a
selection range). Once selected, you are then free to click (to launch all of
them) or drag (to move them to a new folder or drag into the browser window).

At the moment, you would have to do this one bookmark at a time.

I was going to post this as part of a wider general comment about single /
double clicking and repecting the users settings in their Operating System.

Programs like WinZip (on Windows) reads the Registry to see what the user has
chosen to use in the OS (i.e. single or double click to launch items). WinZip
then behaves in exactly the same manner (even down to matching the same hover
highlight colour and underlining, if it has been selected). 

This makes for a seamless experience with the User's OS and much better
integration. It also means one type of clicking is not being forced on users who
do not want it.

I would suggest that this method be adopted througout Firefox if at all possible
(as this would make the Firefox interface consistent). At the moment single /
double clicking is being implemented differently in different parts of the
program (e.g. Histoty versus Bookmark sidebars). 

Finally, it is importnat to remember that single-click launch must ALWAYS be
accompanied by hover highlighting and selection (otherwise there is no way to
select anything!).