Right click followed by quick left click causes menus to stick and appear above all applications
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7) Gecko/20040724 Firefox/0.9.1+
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7) Gecko/20040724 Firefox/0.9.1+

All of the following are caused by a quick right click followed quickly by a
quick left click.  If you try doing this on any of the drop down menus up
above(File, Edit, etc...), drop down menu for selecting a search engine,
dropdown arrow for back and forward and possibly other locations, it will cause
certain menus to stick.  They even appear above all other applications.

Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1. Right click, then quickly left click on any of the places mentioned above.
2. Try clicking on a page to regain focus of the page.
3. Also try minimizing window or moving the window around.
4. Try typing in the location bar, search bar or text area within firefox when
any menus are sticking

Actual Results:  
Menus will become stuck and appear above all applications even when Firefox is
minimized or moved around.  Either the context menu from right clicking or a
drop down menu may stick.  It is possible to actually have 4 or more menus stuck
at the same time and they will continue to appear above all applications.  To
make any of the drop down menus disappear, you must left click the item again
where the menu is coming from.  Clicking on a page will NOT make the menus
disappear.  For the search engine drop down menu, I was unable to detect a
pattern that will make it disappear other than selecting a search engine from
the menu.  All of the menus will disappear if you select anything within the
menu.  Typing anywhere within Firefox when the menus are up will trigger
shortcut keys within the menu.

Expected Results:  
Clicking on a webpage should cause all menus to disappear.  This should also
happen if you click on the location bar to type in a new web address or by
clicking on the search bar to type in something.  None of these menus should
ever appear over other applications when Firefox is not the application of
focus.  They should also disappear when dragging Firefox around the screen.  No
more than one menu should be on screen at once in these situationa.