[UI] Scrollbars needed for Tools->Options dialog
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.7.3) Gecko/20040906 Firefox/1.0 PR (NOT FINAL)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.7.3) Gecko/20040906 Firefox/1.0 PR (NOT FINAL)

There are three closely related bugs affecting resizing the options dialog,
adding new options via extensions or viewing options a low-res display.

1.) The General, Web Features and Downloads tabs will crop options if you resize
the dialog or add additional buttons (via extensions). I noticed this problem
after installing the Tabbrowser extension which adds a section to the bottom of
the already crowded General tab. This section was not visible as it had 'fallen
of the page' and there was no vertical scrollbar to indicate that the viewing
field was cropped. In contrast the Privacy and Advanced tabs embed their options
in a scrollable field so this problem does not occur.

2.) The left-most pane where you select tabs (where the icons are) does not
provide a scrollbar when the icons do not fit. This issue will become serious if
there are too many icons to fit on the display (as may happen on a palmtop or
after installing many extensions).

3.) The dialog is missing the resize grippy (the vertical stripes in the bottom
right of resizable windows). This is an important visual clue to the user that
the window may be resized.

Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1. Go to Tools->Options->General.
2. Make the window smaller and see what happens.

Actual Results:  
Objects were clipped but no scrollbars were displayed.

Expected Results:  
Scrollbars should appear if options do not fit in dialog.

Using Default theme on Firefox 0.9.3 (latest nightly) on Win2K

I have marked the severity as normal rather than minor as changes may have
repercusions for extension authors that modify the options dialog. The earlier
this is addressed the fewer extensions that will need rewriting. Specifically I
believe this should be handled in Firefox 1.0.