Textarea is highly unstable in low-resource environment
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.7.5) Gecko/20041107 Firefox/1.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.7.5) Gecko/20041107 Firefox/1.0

This problem does not exist in Firefox 0.8, it was <em>really</em> bad under the
1.0RC, better in an interim release and better still in the current official
release, but I <em>still</em> lose a lot of work to Firefox crashes that occur
while using the Textare (usually while composing textarea text of more than a
few hundred words).

This is a tough one to debug, so I'll do my best to describe the situation: I
have an older 700Mhz Dell, 256Mb RAM and running Linux Mandrake -- I have to run
icewm because there isn't the resources to run Gnome or KDE -- typical memory
avail is 2M, and again, FF 0.8 worked just fine in this environment.

With 1.0, while editing a textarea, if I try to backspace and especially if I
use the mouse to shift the cursor position, there is a LONG wait while the
machine thrashes virtual memory ... and if the pause is longer than a certain
amount (20 sec?) it is almost certainly followed by all FF windows closing,
losing all work in all windows.  Very annoying ;)

While running the interim release, I had the automatic crash notification, but
on the 1.0RC and the 1.0Release, the crash notification is broken; FF reports
that the component will not run when the browser starts.  This did not happen
with the interim release I downloaded between the RC and the official release;
while running that interim release I logged <em>many</em> of these textarea
crashes, several every day -- I don't know where that data goes or if it even
left my computer here, but if there is some way to link this report to those,
there may be some further clues in those state dumps.

Reproducible: Sometimes
Steps to Reproduce:
1. Edit any sizeable amount of text in a textarea windows ... I'm nervous doing
it now.
2. Crash occurs while editing (ie not when Submit is clicked) but also seems to
happen when the cursor position is changed via mouse clicks.
3. Machine pauses a long time, even mouse is inoperative due to a surge in
system load (often beyond 5), all windows and frame widgets are sluggish or
inoperative, then FF begins to close up, and afterward the desktop itself
returns to normal, load goes back down, all is well except for the lost work.



Actual Results:  
all windows close, no warning -- when the auto-bugreport was working, it would
open a report window.