Autocomplete data leak
From Matt Brubeck:

Mozilla Firefox Test Case: Form Auto-completion Privacy Leak
Introduction

This test case demonstrates a way that a malicious web page can obtain data from
a user's form-fill history. This attack requires the victim to scroll through
the form auto-complete menu using the keyboard.
Test Case Instructions

   1.

      First, enter a value into the "Add data" field in Form 1. Press the submit
button. Enter and submit several more values, all beginning with the same
character (for example: "101", "184", "190").
   2.

      Type same first character into the "Test" field in Form 2. The form
auto-complete menu will appear, populated with the values entered in the
previous step.
   3.

      Press the "down arrow" key to scroll through the auto-complete menu. As
you scroll, the values you scroll past will be added to the field labeled
"Leak", and all of them will be submitted if you submit the form. (A malicious
web page would make the "Leak" field invisible, or send the captured data some
other way.)

Comments

A malicious web page could target a common field name (like "SSN"), or a field
name from a particular web site. Tricks could be used to make it more likely for
victims to scroll through the history: For example, the malicious page could ask
the user to submit a form twice with the same value, which would would appear in
the formfill history the second time. The requested value could be chosen to
appear below likely values for sensitive data.

This bug could be fixed by disabling all event handlers and timer functions
while the form-fill menu is open. Alternately, the "value" attribute of an input
field should not be updated while the user is scrolling through the form-fill menu.

Test case tested and found to work on:

    * Mozilla Firefox nightly build 20041107 (branch, Windows installer)

Not yet tested on:

    * Mozilla Seamonkey
    * Other Firefox builds or platforms
    * Other clients

[dveditz note: Seamonkey is not vulnerable, it fills forms in toto only on
request and does not have an active auto-complete feature]