Remove "Create in" from Add Bookmark dialog
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.6b) Gecko/20031230 Firebird/0.7+
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.6b) Gecko/20031230 Firebird/0.7+

Now that we have that handy expandable arrow in the Add Bookmark dialog which
gives us a tree view of our bookmark folders, we have a redundancy problem. The
"Create in" box gives us a space efficient method of choosing the folder, but a
less intuitive interface. The "Arrow" gives us a nice visual representation of
our folders, but it makes the "Add Bookmark" window much larger. Also to
consider;  as it stands now, the presence of the “Create in” box hinders the
effectiveness of the “Arrow’s” easy interface.

Let us assume that you are adding a new bookmark into a different folder. For
the “Create in” method you must click the drop-down and click the folder (2
clicks.) For the “Arrow,” you must click The Arrow and click the folder (2
clicks also.) The only difference is The Arrow offers a more visually
comprehensive interface.

Now let us assume that the window is changed to remove the “Create in” and make
the tree view front and center, sans Arrow. This time you need only click the
folder (1 click.) You have also opted for the ease-of-use interface (2 benefits.)

The 1 drawback is the dialog size. The “Add Bookmark” window becomes much larger
when you replace a slim drop-down box with a full blown tree view. This should
not become a problem, however, because of the following reason. 
When you are adding a bookmark:
1. You are not taking more than a few seconds
2. You are not working in/looking at the browser during those few seconds
There is, therefore, no reason to be conservative with screen space.

I suppose one could suggest that a tree view could be a visually complex
interface for your average user, but I could then suggest that the tree view is
one that is a common element of both Windows and Mac OS interfaces. It is also
one that is obvious and self-explanatory (unlike the “Create in” box.) So to
conclude, I can’t believe you read all the way to the end.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Bookmarks > Add to Boomarks   or   Ctrl D
2. Check out that weird drop-down box
3. Check out that cool tree view (by clicking The Arrow)
4. Notice the problem?