Left and right mouse button to open link in new window
User-Agent:       
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7a) Gecko/20040115 Firebird/0.8.0+

Basic summary of what I am proposing:
Whenever the user holds down and releases both the right and left mouse buttons
at the same time, it would open the link in a new window.


What led up to this:
Over the months (and years) I have grown used to opening many links in a new
window. In general I would browse the internet with lots of windows open and
switch between them. That was when I used IE as my main browser.

Now that I've been using Mozilla Firefox, I tend to use a combination of tabs
and windows. I still have lots of websites open; they're just not all in a
different window.

However, one reason I don't open in a new window as often is because of the nice
shortcut for opening in a new tab -- clicking the middle mouse button. I think
it would be nice to also have a quick shortcut to open in a new window.  Thus, I
am proposing one possible way to do this.

Some thoughts:
1) There aren't any other buttons available on a normal mouse (the right button
is taken, the left button is taken, and the middle button is taken).
2) Also, a keyboard and mouse combo is not really a good idea, since that
wouldn't be as simple as say the middle button click to open in a tab.
3) Thus, a combination of mouse buttons is the only other solution. The left and
right button seem to be the natural choice. I also checked and found out that
any combination involving the middle button seems more uncomfortable that the
left and right button.

Potential downsides I considered:
1) What if you press the left button before the right button or vice versa? This
is actually not a problem. When you click on a link with the left button, the
link is not followed until you release the button. In a similar manner, when you
right click on a link, the context menu does not apear until you release the
button. Thus, you can first press and hold down one button, then press and hold
down the other, and then release the buttons with no problems. In fact, you
could release one button and then the other at a different time, without
problems. (It would just need to detect if the other button is pressed or not.)
In otherwords, they don't have to be clicked or released at exactly the same moment.
Note: If you press both buttons and then release one of them before the other,
then Firefox should check to see if the other button is pressed in order not to
trigger a right or left click.

Definite downsides (that are not present with the middle click):
1) If you select some text on the page and then left click (and possibly in the
future, if you right click), then the text will be deselected.
2) Unlike the middle mouse button, the left and right button might be used more
often in triggering javascript. Thus, there could be potential issues there.

Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce: