Mozilla as default browser causes the right click mouse options to change
User-Agent:       Mozilla/4.72 [en]C-CCK-MCD   (Win95; U)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 Gecko/20040803 Firefox/0.9.3

I have modified the the "folder options" in Windows 95 so that I can edit html 
pages offline with the DOS editor.  When I set the Mozilla browser as my default 
browser I can no longer access the "edit a stored html file" with the editor 
because the right click on the mouse has eliminated this option.  By converting 
to another browser as the default browser this function is restored.

Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1. Right click the desktop and select "properties"
2. Select the "web" tab and then select "folder options" button
3. Go to the html, mhtml, htm portion of the menu and add additional options
4. I have selected numerous options, but for the purpose of this discusion 
5. C:\Windows\edit.com is a good example.
6. Find a subdirector where there are htm files.  Right click on the htm file 
and choose the edit option.  The htm file will open in the DOS editor.
7. Open Mozilla browser and set the browser as the default browser (restart 
windoes?)
8. Go to the subdirectory with the htm file.  Right click on the file.  Edit is 
no longer an option.  Only OPEN in Firefox browser is an option.
9.  Set another browser as the default browser and now a right click on the htm 
file will open it in DOS edit, again.
10. I have used DOS edit as an example.  Other options for opening the file also 
dissappear by setting Firefox as the default browser.
Actual Results:  
The steps above describe the whole process.  I am able to open TXT and htm files 
from my subdirectories in numerous browsers and editor only if I have not set 
the Mozilla browser as the default browser.  If I set the Mozilla browser as the 
default browser the only application in which I can open the htm file is the 
Mozilla browser.  This is true when using a right mouse click on the file in the 
subdirectory.  By starting the application I can, of course, open anything using 
the file/open procedure, but I loose the right click capability when I use the 
Mozilla browser, which I prefer as a browser

Expected Results:  
I expected that while using the Mozilla browser as the default browser I could 
right click any htm file in any director and the open the file in any editor or 
browser that I had previously arranged for the right click operation.