Import Opera bookmarks fails - doesn't hang or crash, but no change in bookmarks
User-Agent:       Opera/7.54 (Windows NT 5.1; U)  [en]
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; rv:1.7.3) Gecko/20040913 Firefox/0.10

I just installed Firefox 1.0pr, and have been trying to access my Opera
7.54 bookmarks. I've tried the direct method of just importing from the Firefox 
bookmark manager, but nothing happens. I've tried exporting the Opera opera6.adr 
file as an HTML, then import it into Firefox, as well as tried two third party 
bookmark managers (Columbine Bookmark Merge and Bookmark Bridge) to convert or
merge. I've tried every combination I can find - even looked into doing an
intermediate convert to MSIE (opera6.adr -> opera6.html nor recognized as a
bookmark file), but must be missing some combination, because so far have
had no luck in getting it done. At one point, I did get the HTML file into
Firefox, but it was scrambled. Most of my attempts, it acted like it was
importing, but nothing changed. I've even uninstalled Firefox (including
removing all references in the registry and all files and folders) and
tried to start clean - same behavior.

Strangely enough, at home, it was a simple and direct process just using
Firefox's mookmark manager, but not at work. Both are Dell computers, at work
running XPPro and at home, XP Home.

Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1.Bookmarks->Manage Bookmarks->File->Import->From File (in Wizard)->NEXT
2.browse to C:\Program Files\Online\Opera\profile\opera6.adr then OPEN
3.no change from default bookmarks observed
4. close and reopen Firefox - no change
5. reboot - no change

Actual Results:  
no change from default bookmarks

Expected Results:  
expected Opera bookmarks to be displayed and available in Firefox bookmark list

1. Firefox modern theme in use - same result with default
2. nuymerous extensions installed, but same result in freshly installed Firefox
3. cleared every reference to Firefox that I could find (registry, files, 
folders, etc.) and reinstalled with fresh download - no change
4. Comnputer is new Dell Precision Workstation 360, 3.4 GHz Pentium, 2 GB RAM, 
WinXPPro SP1
5. At home, new Dell Dimension 4600, Pentium 3.08 GHz, 1 GB RAM, WinXPHome
6. Opera bookmarks exported to Firefox with no problem, but need to check and 
see if same versions of both Opera and Firefox.