HTML editing program crashes frequently since installing Firefox browser
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7) Gecko/20040614 Firefox/0.9
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7) Gecko/20040614 Firefox/0.9

I am a website designer and have been using the CoffeeCup HTML Editor for many
years with no problems.  However, since installing the Firefox browser a few
months ago, it has been crashing unexpectedly nearly every time I try to use it.
 I cannot pinpoint the problem to any particular task that I am doing when the
crashes occur because it isn't consistent.  It seems to happen most frequently
when I try to save my work, but it happens during other normal operating tasks
as well.  An aggravating detail of this problem is that I don't usually have
time to save my work before it crashes, causing me to lose a lot of valuable
time. Sometimes the crash happens out of the blue after the program has been
open for only a few minutes.  At other times it allows me to work for as long as
an hour before crashing.  But I can count on it happening just about every time
I use the CoffeeCup editor.  I thought it might be a problem with the CoffeeCup
program, but even after uninstalling it and installing a newer version of the
program, the problem still exists.  The version of the CoffeeCup HTML Editor I
am currently using is 9.7.  The program can be found (and downloaded free) at
www.coffeecup.com.  Interestingly, the Firefox browser doesn't have to be open
for the crashes to occur.  The reason I suspect Firefox as the root of the
problem is because the problem never existed before, and it started immediately
after installing it on my computer.

Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1. Download the CoffeeCup HTML Editor (free) at www.coffeecup.com
2. Open the program and use it, with or without the Firefox browser open.
3. Work with the program until it crashes?



Expected Results:  
Keep the program running so I can work uniterrupted and quit losing work that I
don't have a chance to save.

I like the Firefox browser and want to continue using it.  However, if the
problem continues, I will probably have to uninstall it and go back to Internet
Explorer or another browser. I would appreciate a progress report on this
situation, if possible.  Thank you!