find toolbar deforms page with relative-height frames so click on link doesn't always work
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; rv:1.7.3) Gecko/20040913 Firefox/0.10
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; rv:1.7.3) Gecko/20040913 Firefox/0.10

I don't know if this happens on other platforms, but on 1.0PR on OS X, in some
cases, the presence of the find toolbar deforms some frames just enough to
change the positioning of the text they contain. When you click on a link in one
of those frames, the find toolbar disappears and the text position returns to
what it was sometimes moving the link you just clicked on. Firefox behaves as if
you "missed" it.

Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1. Go to a page with frames. This one works well:

    http://java.sun.com/j2se/1.5.0/docs/api/index.html

The rest of the steps assume you're using this page.

2. Type "java" to display the find toolbar. Make sure to get this right the
first time. If you mistype (e.g., jvaa), reload the page and start over because
it may find something else, and the remainder of my steps won't necessarily make
sense.

At this point, you may have noticed that the size of the stacked frames on the
right have changed slightly to accomodate the find toolbar (I think they're
page-relative, so with the reduced area, they both shrink to maintain their
appropriate ratios). This is fine for the frame on top, but you may have also
noticed that the absolute vertical position of the text/links in the bottom
frame has changed (it moved up).

3. Click on the top of any of the links in the bottom frame. By "top of the
link" I mean towards the top of the text. For example, if I were to click on the
"AbstractAction" link, I would click near where the two lines meet at the top of
the capital "A" or on the dot in the lowercase "i".
Actual Results:  
When you click, the find bar disappears, and the absolute position of the links
in the bottom frame are restored, moving the link you wanted to select out from
under you. By the time the mouse is released, you are no longer over the link,
and it doesn't register as being clicked (although it is highlighted from the
selection when the mouse button was pressed).

Expected Results:  
I was expecting the link that I thought I clicked to actually be followed.

I think I understand what is happening here: It's very similar to pressing the
mouse down briefly on the link, moving off it and releasing the mouse button.
However the action in this case is involuntary because of the movement of the page.

I'm not sure if making the disappearance of the find toolbar coincident with the
mouse button being released (instead of just pressed) would fix this, but it
seems like a good idea without looking at the code or knowing anything about
side effects, etc., etc. :-)