Width resizing problems with tables containing DIVs with overflow set to auto.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; rv:1.7.3) Gecko/20041001 Firefox/0.10.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; rv:1.7.3) Gecko/20041001 Firefox/0.10.1

This portal page contains several table objects using DIVs with overflow set to
auto for scrolling their content. The code has been double-checked by several
people and appears not to contain problems, and works fine in IE, Opera and
Safari. When you try to resize the width of the browser window in Firefox 1.0x
the  DIV objects in the 2nd and 3rd columns appear to block width resizing.
Clicking Reload in Firefox makes the problem worse -- then resizing the width
"locks" the DIV objects so that they overlap onto the next column on the right. 

Strangely, using Forward and Back (sometimes repeatedly) in Firefox solves the
problem. Then Firefox will resize the width of the table objects containing the
DIV objects correctly. Also, accessing the page with the URL
http://helpman.it-authoring.com/ (the trailing / is essential!) from a FRESH
instance of Firefox does not display this problem -- this reroutes the browser
to portal.php via an .htaccess rule, and this appears to have the same effect as
using Forward and Back in Firefox. Entering http://helpman.it-authoring.com does
NOT work, however -- then the width resizing bug appears again as described above.

Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1. Visit the URL http://helpman.it-authoring.com/portal.php with Firefox
2. Attempt to resize the width of the page. Columns 2 and 3 block width resizing.
3. Click on one of the "View Thread in Forum" links in the "Announcements
section, then click on Back in Firefox. Width resizing then works again normally.
4. Visit the same site and click on Reload in Firefox. Then try to resize the
width of the page. The DIV objects lock and overlap the adjacent columns.
5. Start a fresh instance of Firefox and visit the site using
http://helpman.it-authoring.com/ (WITH trailing /). Width resizing appears to
work normally. 
6. Start a fresh instance of Firefox and visit the site using
http://helpman.it-authoring.com (WITHOUT trailing /). Width resizing will not work.

Actual Results:  
Width resizing of DIV objects in tables with overflow set to auto does not work
in Firefox unless you click on Forward and Back a couple of times. The DIV
objects block width resizing of the table objects.

Expected Results:  
Table objects should get narrower normally to their minimum width, just as they
do in IE, Safari and Opera.