attempting to complete (confirm) a transaction, browser froze in the middle of data exchange
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; rv:1.7.3) Gecko/20041001 Firefox/0.10.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; rv:1.7.3) Gecko/20041001 Firefox/0.10.1

Its nice to see IE attacked again - hope you're successful.

I just downloaded FireFox, and was checking it out, by performing an on-line
banking transaction (transfering funds from one account to another).  Everything
went smoothly, until the final step, which should have resulted in a printable
confirmation page, and the actual completion of the funds transfer.

The transfer tracker (blue bar in lower right portion of the screen) advanced
until it indicated about 75% complete and then the browser froze.  The spinning
transfer icon (upper right, rotating arrow) continued to rotate, but nothing
else happened, for about 2 minutes, until I closed the connection.  I repeated
the transaction again three more times, with the same results.  To confirm that
the ttarget site (Downey) was not at fault, I again repeated the transaction
using I.E.  This time, the transaction was successfully completed.  

I haven't a clue about what was causing the hang-up.  The confirmation page
contains basic information about the accounts and the amounts, as well as the
date and a transaction confirmation number, and, of course, the obligatory text
present on all these screens.

I'll help with what I can, however, as you can well understand, I will not
provide log-on/password to my bank accounts.

Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1.login/password for acces to the Downey site
2.select on-line banking and then transfer
3.set ukp the transfer ( from account, to account, amount
4.send transfer - at this point, the site sends a verifiction screen exhibiting
the two accounts and the amount to be transferred, and a "continue" button. 
Clicking on the continue button should complete the last step
5.the lsst step started, but didn't complete. 
Actual Results:  
The browser froze (back button would work)

Expected Results:  
The last step should have presented a page containing information about the two
accounts with their updated balances, a transaction reference number along with
the date and time, so that the user could print this screen for their records. 
This is what happened many times before with IE.  

What happened with FireFox was that the browser froze about 75% through the
transfer (step), the transfer was not completed, the browser back button didn't
work (why I said the browser froze) however the O.S. didn't and I was able to
close the browser window (using the close button) and terminate the connection.
  This was tried 2 or 3 more times with the same results, until I used IE and it
completed the transaction with out problems.

I will attempt to repeat the process again when time allows, and give feedback
on that adventure. For the record, I would really like to see your browser
(Jack) slay the gaint.  I stopped using Netscape because it had too many crashes
- I suspect someting remained hidden when O.S. information was handed out.  I
ended up using IE, not becaue I liked it, but because it worked.

I wish you the best

By the way, I've clicked the "Security" box, not becaue there is a FireFox
security issue, but becaue the specific site and application should be secure