browser.download.defaultFolder should not be set at profile creation time
User-Agent:       Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 6.0; Windows NT 5.0; Q312461)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.7.5) Gecko/20041107 Firefox/1.0

At profile creation time then browser.download.defaultFolder is set to a 
specific value (C:\\DOCUMENTS AND SETTINGS\\<user>\\DESKTOP) and this value is 
written to the prefs file.

The problem is that the location of the desktop folder can change between 
logins, in particular in corporate environments where user have a server-side 
roaming profile and where the location of the desktop folder is different on 
different computers and/or changes between logins.  

Also this prevents sysadmins from creating user templates with preconfigured 
Firefox settings, since the Firefox settings contain a value specific to the 
user template that can not be automatically changed when a new user is created 
based on the template.

This value should not be written to the prefs file when the profile is created, 
instead the browser should resolve at runtime the location 
CSIDL_DESKTOPDIRECTORY (unless the user later on specifies manually a different 
location, then that should be written to the prefs file and used instead).

See bug 74085 for a similar problem, in particular comment #84 and comment #86 
(the same logic applies to both the default cache location and default download 
location if the user does not manually specify different values; it should the 
computed at runtime).


Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1.  Create a new user.
2.  Log in as that user and run Firefox.
3.  Open the prefs file and look for browser.download.defaultFolder

Actual Results:  
browser.download.defaultFolder was set to a specific value.

Expected Results:  
browser.download.defaultFolder should not be included in a new prefs file, 
instead the browser should determine the default location at runtime, until the 
user manually specifies a different location.

See bug 74085 for a similar problem, in particular comment #84 and comment 
#86.  The discussion there applies to some extent to this bug.