DHTML added fields associated with incorrect form when multiple forms exist
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.5) Gecko/20041107 Firefox/1.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.5) Gecko/20041107 Firefox/1.0

I have a page with multiple (not nested, just multiple) forms.  The third form
has a nested Table that can be dynamically modified on the client; e.g., if they
click "Add", a new row is inserted; a new cell is inserted; and the new cell's
innerHTML is set to a valid HTML < input type = text > field.  

During submit, I noticed that I was not receiving any information back from the
fields that were dynamically created.  Thanks to the handy Web Developer
extension, I realized that despite the fact the table is a child of the third
form, the newly-generated fields were being associated with the FIRST form on
the page!

I also attempted to use "appendChild" instead of setting innerHTML, and I had
the same results.

Unfortunately, this issue will prevent me from saying that the web application I
am working on can be accessed from FireFox, which I was really hoping to say... 

My bug search only turned up one potential lead, and that was from someone who
had an improperly formatted page, so I'm afraid this bug discovery might be
"news" to the FireFox developers.  Please let me know, and thanks!

Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1.  Generate a page with multiple forms.
2.  Place a table in one of the forms - but NOT the first form.
3.  Add a new row to the table via addRow(-1).
4.  Add a new cell to the new row via addCell(-1).
5.  Set the innerHTML of the new cell to < input type= text id = FIELD name =
FIELD value = FIELDVAL > 
6.  Either use the FireFox WebDeveloper extension, or somehow submit the
appropriate form

Actual Results:  
You'll note that the new field is NOT associated with the form that the parent
table is associated with.  Instead, it is associated with the first form on the
page.

Expected Results:  
Dynamically created fields should belong to the same form that their parent
element belongs to.

Information above should be sufficient; please let me know if you need any
further details.

Please note that due to the fact that FORMS are so fundamental to web pages, and
that DHTML is the backbone of many pages as well, I consider this to be a major bug.