Can't print to a network printer.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.5) Gecko/20041107 Firefox/1.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.5) Gecko/20041107 Firefox/1.0

I installed Firefox 1.0 last week.  There are two printers on my home network. 
One printer is directly connected to one of the PCs and works fine.  The other
printer (HP LaserJet 5) is connected to a Dlink Dl704P-B1 router.  Once Firefox
installed that printer began misbehaving.  Now when I try to print a document,
from either PC, the first page contains what appears to be printer commands,
then the document prints.  Unfortunalely, when printed the document is missing
text, characters are over-printed and sometimes, depending on the document,
strange characters are included.  If the same document is printed on the
directly connected printer (HP LaserJet 6100 all-in-one) it is fine.  I
disconnected the LaserJet 5 printer from the network and connected it directly
to a PC then it printed the document correctly.  Also, I downloaded and
installed all new printer drivers but that did not help.  Lastly, I download and
installed the current software versions for the DLink router but that did not
help.  I used Microsoft's "Add / Remove" software to remove Firefox from one of
the PCs but that did not help.  Also I noticed Firefox does not come with an
uninstall feature to remove / reset Registry changes.  My suspicion is that
Firefox changed a setting in the Registry not expecting to come in contact with
a faily old HP LaserJet 5 printer.  In the grand scheme of thisgs this problem
is probably consided "Normal" however, because of the way these printers are
used to run a business, not having that other printer has a major impact and is
causing considerable costs to the business.

Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1.Open Word
2.Select a document to print.
3.Insure "Print Set-Up" is correct
4.Print the document.

Also:
1.Start Menu
2.Select Settings
3.Select Printers and Faxes
4.Right Click on the LaserJet 5 Icon
5.Select Properties
6.Select "Print Test Page"

Actual Results:  
The first page prints what appears to be printer commands:
"AGEPROTECT=AUTO"
"@PJL SET RET=MEDIUM"
"@PJL SET ECONOMODE=OFF"
"@PJL SET RESOLUTION=600"
Then the document or test page prints with missing text/characters, over-printed
characters or starnge characters (ASCII characters).

Expected Results:  
Printed the document as it had before Firefox was installed.

Themes are not used.  Both PCs run Windows XP with Service Pack 2.  The newtwork
is a standard Windows network, The network name is GREEK_GODS and the PCs are
named ZEUS and ATHENA.