Bookmarks completely lost in Firefox 1.0; also Bookmarks cannot be moved/scrolled Up
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.5) Gecko/20041107 Firefox/1.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.5) Gecko/20041107 Firefox/1.0

After using Firefox 2 weeks, I have found some serious Bugs in the Bookmark
handling functions.

1) Every week the Firefox 1.0 program seems to lose all Bookmarks, resulting in
the 3rd and final item in the Bookmarks pull down menu being:
[ ]Bookmarks Toolbar Folder -> (Empty)

This is a disastrous Bug and must be fixed immediately. Heavy users of any
Browser use Bookmarks heavily. Furthermore, work that users have accomplished
and typed into a PC (in this case, finding and recording web site URLs) must
never ever be lost.  That is a catastrophic error and must be fixed immediately.
My PC has crashed a few times  recently; maybe that contributed. However, there
must be a backup recovery operation to save the work product (Bookmarks) of the
user.
Stop everything and fix this Bug immediately.

If you cannot find the Bug immediately, at the very least Back Up the bookmarks
periodically in a separate opened and flushed and closed file so that the
bookmarks may be imported from that file when this error occurs.

2) The ability of the browser heavy user to move new Bookmarks to the top ( in
my opinion, new bookmarks should be put at the top of the list in the fist
place) is defective.
Dragging the entry to be moved up to the the narrow row near the top of the
Bookmark list to scroll the bookmarks so that the selected item can be moved to
the top does not work.
I operate my display at 1600x1200; perhaps this causes the 'scroll row' to be
too narrow to be mouse selected.  Who knows.  Of course, this occurs when there
are more bookmarks than can fit in the Firefox window.

Politics

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.  Sufficient details for the 2 different Bugs were given in Details.
2.
3.

Actual Results:  
Sufficient details for the 2 different Bugs were given in Details.

Expected Results:  
Sufficient details for the 2 different Bugs were given in Details.