text overlaps, draws text on top of other text for no good reason
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.7.5) Gecko/20041107 Firefox/1.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.7.5) Gecko/20041107 Firefox/1.0

I first noticed when viewing source that rows of text would overlap.  The
correct text would be displayed, and in the same location, text from another
part of the file would be displayed.  This second text would also appear in its
correct spot, so the text was being drawn twice.  I then stumbled upon the error
while working with some very simple source, so I don't think this problem can be
attributed to bad markup.  I'm attaching a file which demonstrates this problem.
 When this file is viewed in IE6, the text does not overlap.  There are no
styles present, and no div tags.

It seems that the problem is related to two things: newlines in the source, and
text that doesn't fit in the viewable region.  This source has <PRE>'s, and
inside that code is a very long line of text.  This line does not all fit in the
window, so the scroll bar is drawn.  However, text from offscreen is rendered on
screen, on top of the visible text.  It also seems that this happens multiple
times, so that multiple offscreen lines are rendered on top of one onscreen file.

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Once you find a file that exhibits this problem, it is always reproducible.
2. But, not all files show this problem.
3. Attached is a file with this problem.
4. The problem will go away if I scroll the window to the right, and then back,
forcing a redraw.  When I do this, the text does not overlap.
5. The problem happens not at just one text size, but I noticed the problem
going away as the text size got very large or very small.

Actual Results:  
Text that should be hidden because it doesn't fit on the page (drawn ofscreen)
is rendered on top of text that should be visible.

Expected Results:  
Only displayed the text that fits within the visible region.

I verified that this problem still occurs in the nightly from the 28th, using a
new profile w/o extensions.