sporadic hanging after sp2 installation
User-Agent:       Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 6.0; Windows NT 5.1; SV1; .NET CLR 1.1.4322)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.5) Gecko/20041107 Firefox/1.0

On a number of websites (it seems to be just about anything I visit), Firefox 
sporadically stops responding completely.  It's not consistent when it 
happens -- sometimes it's mousing over a link, sometimes clicking a link, 
sometimes scrolling.  Every time it happens, it just stops responding 
completely.  CPU usage remains at 0%.

It's defintely related to service pack 2.  It worked fine before SP2 
installation (this is a fresh Windows installation).  Just to be sure, I 
reformatted the drive, installed all updates but SP2, and it worked great 
(consistently).  After updating, the problem returned.  Only Firefox and 
Windows are installed.

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Go to a website
2. Do something
3. It hangs
Actual Results:  
Firefox stops responding.  It usually returns within 10 seconds or so.

Expected Results:  
Continued responding.

This is a new, fast computer (so it's not a hardware problem).  3.0 GHz, 1 GB 
ram.  It's also Firefox-specific.  I have not had any problems with IE or 
other software.  Additionally, I've tried a number of tweaks to see if it 
solves the problem.  I saw someone suggested turning off DEP, it had no 
effect.  I've modified TCP/IP settings to see if it's network problems, no 
change.  As much as I don't want to use IE, Firefox has become unusable at 
most times.

Unfortunately, I don't have a talkback crash ID to provide -- it doesn't 
crash, it just hangs.  I have killed it with task manager, but I don't receive 
a talkback crash ID to enter.  If someone knows how to generate one, I would 
be happy to do so.  If there is any other information I can provide that would 
be useful, I would be more than happy to do so -- I use Firefox on Linux and 
love it.  Thanks for the assistance!