when following a link with a name tag to a specific spot on the page, Firefox misses by several screens the first time
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.5) Gecko/20041107 Firefox/1.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.5) Gecko/20041107 Firefox/1.0

On this page (www.yoism.org), when clicking on the link (in the upper right hand
corner) to "Video of a Genuine Miracle"
(http://www.yoism.org/index.php?id=word#miracles)
which should go to the point in the "word" page where the "miracles" tag is
located, Firefox misses by several screens.

However, this always happens but only the first time that Firefox is directed to 
http://www.yoism.org/index.php?id=word#miracles.

If I go back to www.yoism.org and hit the link again, Firefox renders the page 
correctly.

If I hit reload, the page is rendered correctly.

If I close the window altogether but Firefox is still running and I return and
click the link, the page is rendered correctly.

It only happens the first time I go to that page and name tag.

I assume this has to do with cache?  I found many bugs similar to this (needing
to hit reload to get the page to render right or page position being wrong when
using the back button) so this may not be a new bug.  But I didn't see any that
involved page position being wrong going forward with an embedded name tag.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.go to www.yoism.org

2.click link to "Video of a Genuine Miracle" (upper right hand corner of screen)

3.hit reload or hit the back button and then go to step 2 and the page will
render correctly.

4.as long as Firefox remains open, step 2 will now result in page rendering
correctly

Actual Results:  
First time after Firefox is opened, when link is followed, Firefox goes to a
point in the document several screens above the named tag.  After the first try,
it works correctly when tried again.

Expected Results:  
Go to the correct point the first time.

If this is related to cache, then it may be related to another bug that has been
reported for several years (that I have also encountered):  Animated gifs do not
display correctly unless I hold down the shift key and hit reload and/or unless
I manually empty the cache and hit reload.  Not sure there is any relation
between the bugs, but it seems to have something to do with the way Firefox
handles cached  info.  In the GIF bug, the cached info presents the correct
reloading of the page.  In this bug, the page only loads correctly after there
is some info in the cache.