Rough and buggy scroling when using the mouse's middle button (not wheel)
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; fr-FR; rv:1.7.5) Gecko/20041108 Firefox/1.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; fr-FR; rv:1.7.5) Gecko/20041108 Firefox/1.0

Scrolling using the mouse middle button is rough and is not as smooth as using
the scrollbars. This also happens in IE. Smooth scrolling would be really nice
for my eyes :)

Also, scrolling using this method gets buggy when there are frames inside the
page displayed.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
For the smooth scrolling, just scroll a page using the middle button (not wheel)
and check out the difference in smoothness when using the scrollbars instead.

As for the buggy scrolling, in this bug report page, it has a frame above here,
listing the bugs already submited. Try to middlebutton click above that frame,
then scroll down slowly and slightly change the scrolling speed. Watch firefox's
behaviour as the scrolling point reaches the frame.
Actual Results:  
For the buggy scrolling: Scrolling got mad :) Well, it seems that the frame
scrollability (?) conflicts with the whole page scrolling

Expected Results:  
I think that the scrolling methode is done by varying the size of each scrolling
steps instead of varying the time it takes to do that step.

For example, what i think Firefox (and IE) do, is that they always scroll 10
pixels at a time (up or down or left or right) but as the scrolling speed
increases, the number of pixels scrolled increase too. But the steps/second rate
doesn't change. so we get something like, 10 fps. really crappy.

I would expect to stay that number of pixels to 1 (or any small number) and
change the step rate of the scrolling instead. For example, slow scrolling would
be something like 1 pixel per second, and fast scrolling would be like 1 pixel
per 0.001 second. That way, each step is still 1 pixel big, so we keep a smooth
scrolling, and a great framerate!

Well this may be cpu intensive.... But well, If i could, i would have checked
how the scrollbars work to see their scrolling method to suggest a better method
here.

None