After cancelling closing operation Win+M doesn't work fine.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; nl-NL; rv:1.7.5) Gecko/20041202 Firefox/1.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; nl-NL; rv:1.7.5) Gecko/20041202 Firefox/1.0

When you have multiple tabs opened and you try to close Firefox, firefox will
ask you to be sure wanting to close firefox. If have firefox minimized and you
right-click on it's icon in the taskbar, you will see a context-menu where you
can click close or something like that (i'm using a dutch W2K, so i don't know
what the english term is). If you click 'close' while having multiple tabs
opened, firefox will also ask you to confirm the closure of firefox. If you
decide not to close, firefox will not close, so you can maximize it again from
the taskbar. But if try to minimize all the windows by using the Win-M
keystroke, firefox will not minimize. But if you minimize firefox manually after
that by clicking the minimize button, left to the close button and after that
maximize another application from the taskbar and trying Win-M again, firefox
and the other application will minimize. So the problem is gone then.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Make sure you have at least 2 applications opened: Firefox and some other,
doesn't matter which. The other application should NOT be minimized.
2. Make sure you have more than one tab opened. If you don't, firefox won't ask
you to be sure to close firefox, so the problem doesn't occur.
3. Minimize Firefox
4. Rightclick the firefox icon in the taskbar and click 'close'. Firefox will
ask you to confirm. You actually don't want to close, so click 'cancel'.
5. Maximize firefox, by clicking it's icon in the taskbar.
6. Hit the Win-M shortcut (Hold the windows button, left to the most left CTRL
button, and press m). 

Actual Results:  
The other application will minimize, but firefox won't.

Expected Results:  
Firefox should minimize.

I don't know if this is a firefox bug or a Windows bug.