Erratic keyboard behavior in form text entry box.  Loss of focus in field, strange text selection behavior, can't copy or paste in text field
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8b2) Gecko/20050428 Firefox/1.0+
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8b2) Gecko/20050428 Firefox/1.0+

I have been able to duplicate this problem on many different sites but not on my
own volition (including this 

submission form, right now).  This bug is extremely elusive (and not to mention,
extremely annoying and 

counter-productive!) and it shows up once every few days for me.  More details
below:

Browser operation works fantastic for an extended period of time, then something
changes and this bug rears it's 

ugly head for no reason that I can find.  I cannot reproduce this bug at will
since I see no pattern to it other 

than it occurs on pages with text entry form boxes.  Here are the individual
problems that occur, which all seem related to the same cause.

1) I notice the problem when I can no longer move the text cursor with the arrow
keys whle editing the text box.  When 

this occurs, the apostraphe (') key does something really, really odd.  When I
press that key (for example, when 

typing "can't"), the apostraphe is typed into the text box, but it then invokes
the Find bar at the bottom of the 

window and changes focus to the find box, as if I had pressed CTRL+F.  If I
press the Backspace key while in the Find box, it can either go back to the
previous page (which loses my form data and tons of work time!) or it pages up
in the web page.

2) Selecting text inside the text box using the arrow keys becomes impossible. 
I notice on this form when I hold Shift and press Left, it starts to select the
text above this field.

3) Selecting text with the mouse inside the form text entry box works, but
CTRL+C or CTRL+X doesn't do anything at all.  Right -clicking the selected text
brings up the context menu, but Undo Cut Copy Paste Delete are all greyed out
with Select All being the only available option.

4) Choosing Select All in the right-click context menu or by pressing CTRL+A
while text focus is inside the text entry box selects all text on the page
outside of the form fields rather than selecting the text *inside* the field.

5) Drop-down menus no longer drop down when clicked.  The arrow keys have to be
used to select the appropriate item in the menu.


Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
No known reproduction steps.  There is no pattern I could find.


Expected Results:  
1) The arrow keys should always be able to move the text cursor inside a text
box.  Focus should never be changed unless the mouse is clicked in another area
of the page

2) Related to item #1, selecting text using the arrow keys should always work.

3) When selecting text with the mouse, Undo, Cut, Copy, Paste and Delete should
always be available and functional.

4) While focus is inside the text box, Select All should select all text inside
the text box rather than text *outside* the box.

5) Drop down boxes should always drop down.  They should never "refuse" to do so.

Additionally, form data should never be lost.

Using default theme.
Uninstalled all extensions.
Tried uninstalling Firefox and reinstalling, to no avail.