X needs to also check the "Buffer" - needed so that pasting works better.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.7.8) Gecko/20050511 Firefox/1.0.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.7.8) Gecko/20050511 Firefox/1.0.4

I've been developing Clipboard.pm (http://search.cpan.org/~king), and in doing
so, I've gotten to the root of a bug that has pestered me for years:

Sometimes you can't paste into Firefox (middle click does nothing), but you can
paste into other X programs (e.g., xterm).

As anyone familiar with xlib/nsClipboard.cpp will know, X has a funky
"clipboard" concept.  There are primary, secondary, and clipboard selections.  
Then there's this other thing, the Buffer.  I don't know why it's a separate
concept, but it is.  Any one of those selections could be the one the user
wishes to paste from.*

I whittled down xclip's source to a ~25 line program that dumps the contents of
the Buffer.  It just boils down to a call to XFetchBuffer(), which doesn't need
much more than a Display.

As for where to add the call, I'm not quite sure.  Through experimentation, my
opinion is that the canonical order of importance is: primary, buffer,
clipboard, secondary.  Really, this is up to implementor's preference - as long
as the Buffer gets checked at some point, I'll be thrilled.  Maybe play with the
xclip loop* and see if you can figure out your preference.

* If you're interested in observing these behaviors, try installing xclip and
running the following while you play around:
watch -n1 'for n in primary secondary clipboard buffer; do echo == $n ==; xclip
-o -selection $n; echo; done'

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open an xterm
2. Highlight something
3. Paste into Firefox.

Ha!  It works.  I tricked you.

Now try:
4. Doing something in the xterm that causes the selection to go away - move the
cursor, single click somewhere, etc.
5. Paste to Firefox.

A practical example: from mutt, highlight a URL, delete the message, and then
don't expect to paste it into Firefox. (Current workaround: paste into xterm,
re-highlight, come back to Firefox)