,menuitem label="&ff.main.options.label:äccesskey="&ff
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; nl-NL; rv:1.7.8) Gecko/20050511 Firefox/1.0.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; nl-NL; rv:1.7.8) Gecko/20050511 Firefox/1.0.4

dear sir or madam,

I am not sure if I am on the right place but I'm getting pretty much upset
(=understatement). Since I grated up from fire-fox 3 tot firefox 4 the whole
setup has changed. It looks as I am having a screen of about 6 feet wide, which
I havent't: 
In other words: the fire-fox browser doesn't fit the screen anymore. (not the
1.0.0.3. and not the 1.0.0.4 (or so))  The screen looks like it blown up 20
times with normal things on the left (everything is fine there) but no end and
so nothing at the right side. opening a internet page is possible but there is
no way you can see more than the left half as the right half doesn't fit the
screen AND is not movable to the right...

So I can see very little of the pages (and firefox main page) when I am on the
internet.  I am missing the complete half of the screem. for example, when I am
opening Google 9www.google.nl)  the page opens and at the centre at the far
right side of my screen it says 'GO' and you and I know it is much bigger. But
instead of being in the centre centre, there is nothing but white on the left.
So something must be wrong with fire fox.
Note: everything else is fine. there where no changes made in the monitor,
screen, etc, setting, even Internet Explorer is completely visable (and working).
please let me know what to do. I did uninstall yet, turn off the computer,
downloaded again, installed: same shit.  uninstalles, eraseed, shut down the pc,
downloaded it again, installed and same shit again.
please help.

regards,
bart  

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.by opening the firefox browser 
2.idem
3.idem

Actual Results:  
same shit

Expected Results:  
i don't know.  being a nice internet browser i guess. A one which will FIT the
screen instead of pretending it needs 3. 


Oh yes, I did try to install the 1,003 something fire fox afterwards again
aswell, and same problem. So th eproblem arase with the upgrade to the lates
fire fox  1.blahblah .4 and hasn't disappeared ever since.