keyboard focus for a tab very frequently goes elsewhere.  ff is mouse-centric.  no way to work around it?
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.7.10) Gecko/20050720 Firefox/1.0.6
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.7.10) Gecko/20050720 Firefox/1.0.6 (Debian package 1.0.6-1)

i looked for an existing bug, and nothing was quite like this.  i experience it
very frequently and do not know a way to even work around it.

it happens on a fresh profile with no extensions.

most of the time, however, i use a profile with configuration mania and tab mix.
 i also use a proxy and the connection is very slow.  fwiw.  if the connection
is faster it seems to happen less, but i don't know how important that is.  i
use kde.

if i have tabs a b c, and navigate pages using pgup pgdn spc, and navigate tabs
using ctrl-pgup ctrl-pgdn ctrl-w ctrl-r, quite frequently a PARTICULAR focused
tab will lose keyboard focus.  e.g. pgup pgdn do not work.

sometimes that focus goes to the url bar.  sometimes it goes to the tab to the
left of the tab that is showing.  i.e. if tab b is showing, and i press pgdn,
then ctrl-pgup, ff will show tab a and the contents of tab a will have scrolled
down.

it is persistent.  if i go to tab a, it will work.  if i go to tab c, it will
work.  but tab b never works.  this is true whether it is in url bar mode or
left tab mode.  either way the scrolled thing is whatever was the scrolled thing
the previous time.  and if it is focus-set-to-jupiter mode (i.e. nowhere
obvious) then that is persistent also.

it does not seem to depend on the web page.

it might depend on things taking a long time to load.  it might be a problem
with the assumptions that ff makes when it does multithreading.  or maybe not. 
it might have to do with what combination of keys is pressed, but there is no
obvious repeatability so far.  it is very frequent.

pressing f6 between once and 3 times sometimes restores keyboard focus, but
usually no number of presses of f6 fixes it.  usually the only way to fix it is
to use the mouse.

i consider this to be an accessibility problem.  not everybody can use the mouse
as frequently as ff wants users to.  therefore i consider it to be major.

i apologize for not being able to locate the problem more narrowly or fix the code.
but i wanted the bug to be notated so there is a common place to talk about it.

note that there are similar bugs, but they refer to other windows, not tabs.

thanks.

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1.  load several web pages
2.  navigate using ctrl-pgup and ctrl-pgdn
3.  scroll using pgup and pgdn
Actual Results:  
keyboard focus goes to left tab, url bar, or nowhere obvious.

Expected Results:  
as a user i expect keyboard focus to follow what's shown.  always.

no special theme.