Bookmark manager won't respond to commands (such as deleting URLs) & History menu is nonresponsive
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.7.10) Gecko/20050716 Firefox/1.0.6
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.7.10) Gecko/20050716 Firefox/1.0.6

When I open the Bookmarks manager (I wanted to delete some of the URLs in my
Bookmark menu), it does not respond.  I cannot remove URLs that were old
bookmarks.  This is the second bug reported since I downloaded 1.0.6 a couple of
hours ago.  The History menu URLs also do not respond and the main window does
not change to the URL item clicked on in the history menu.  The Help Viewer also
does not respond to anything.  It will switch between Index, Glossary, etc., but
if I click on a chosen topic out of the Index, nothing will happen... Anything
chosen from the menu in the left will do nothing.


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Open "Manage Bookmarks..." -- bookmark manager window opens
2.Choose the URL to modify/delete -- it is highlighted
3.click "Delete" in the Toolbar -- nothing happens.  URL remains highlighted and
remains in the manager.

Actual Results:  
Open History in left menu (column)
click on desired URL (for example firefox to report this bug)
Nothing happens in the viewer screen.  It remains on the same page it was when
the history was opened.  Sometimes the URL appears in the navigator space (below
toolbar), but the page does not change.  No matter what, the page does not
change unless I manually enter it OR choose it from my bookmarks.  HELP, I have
gotten used to Firefox, and really like it, but it is not functioning at all.  I
cannot download themes and extensioins (sometimes tells me installer script
dooes not exist, sometimes just opens the extensions window, which remains blank
and empty.)

Expected Results:  
I expect to be able to delete bookmarks from the Manager
I expect to be able to go to previous pages viewed from History menu
I expect to be able to download themes and/or extensions
I expect the Help Viewer menu to bring me to the selected topic or search for a
particular topic (does neither of these).


Please fix -- I am going to have to use a different browser (NOOOOO!!!) until
this is fixed, bc it's essentially useless to me with all these problems.  I've
downloaded the .dmg file twice from a fast wireless connection, reinstalled etc.