newly-opened window slightly less wide than previously-closed window
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.7.10) Gecko/20050716 Firefox/1.0.6
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.7.10) Gecko/20050716 Firefox/1.0.6

If the last browser window is closed when its width is near or exactly the
maximum allowed, the next window opened will have a width that is a few pixels
less.  The location of the left-hand side appears to be the same, but the right
side is a few pixels further left.  

This is important because users often push their mouse cursor to the right edge
of the screen to reach the scrollbar (without looking at it).  If they then
click to scroll, they will instead activate the application or desktop behind
Firefox, since the browser window does not reach to the right edge of the
screen.  The naive response is to return to Firefox and resize the browser
window by dragging the resize handle to the right edge of the screen.  Because,
however, the left edge of the window doesn't move, this returns the window to
near (or equal) its maximum width, meaning that the gap will reappear the next
time a browser window is opened (or when Firefox is restarted).  Unless the user
realizes that the window must be dragged slightly to the right instead of
resized, they will need to resize every window opened by the browser.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
0. Ensure that only one browser window is open.
1. Drag the left edge of the browser window to (or a few pixels beyond) the left
edge of the screen.
2. Resize the browser window by dragging the resize handle as far right as it
will go (i.e. the right edge of the screen.
3. Make sure that there is no gap between the right edge of the window and the
right edge of the screen by checking that clicking with a mouse cursor at the
right edge of the screen activates the scroll bar (not the window or desktop
behind firefox).
4. Close the browser window.
5. Open a new browser window.
Actual Results:  
The new window is slightly thinner than the previously closed browser window
(i.e. doesn't extend to the right edge of the screen).

Expected Results:  
The new window should have the same width as the previously closed one, with no
gap between its right edge and the right edge of the screen.