images do not display on refresh
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.10) Gecko/20050716 Firefox/1.0.6
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.10) Gecko/20050716 Firefox/1.0.6

go to this link http://forum.dev.bandamp.com/

it is a list of forums and to the left of each forum title should appear a star
indicating whether there are new posts which the user has not yet read. These
images do not display and it seems semi-random. The page displays correctly in
IE6 and the current date's nightly build of Mozilla and Opera8 and Netscape8.

Every time I hit the refresh button the images dissapear, that's the guaranteed
way to "duplicate" this error, is to hit the refresh button. From time to time
the images do appear on the first initial load of the page - i.e. after a system
reboot, SOME times the images will appear, but they then disappear after a
refresh without fail.

I CAN get them to come back if I hit the back button and then hit the forward
button, but yet again, without fail, after hitting the refresh button the images
disappear again. I tried the "full page refresh" by using CTRL-F5 but that
didn't do anything different (in this case) than hitting the refresh button.

The original images are PNG and i've tried using both PNG and GIF just to see if
it was the image format but the issue happens the same with both formats. I've
also tried numerous slight variations on the HTML code which grabs the image but
it never displays. Things like using "gfx/blah.png" vs "/gfx/blah.png" and other
variations.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. go here: http://forum.dev.bandamp.com/
2. hit the refresh button
3. hit the back button and then the forward button

Actual Results:  
the star pictures disappear on step 2 and then reappear after step 3 and they
may or may not appear in the first place on step 1

Expected Results:  
the pictures should just display, they should never disappear.

The code at the time of testing is XHTML 1.0 Transitional as validated by the
W3C, I will be working on this page only a little bit more so there is an
extremely minute chance that it may not validate at some time during the next 24
hours but I always get my end result pages validated so if it doesn't validate
at the time you try it that just means I'm actually in the process of working on
it and probably WILL validate in the next few minutes.