Upon clicking a specific link in thunderbird which launches Firefox, fox misbehaves and leaves an error message.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.12) Gecko/20050915 Firefox/1.0.7
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.12) Gecko/20050915 Firefox/1.0.7

Hello,
First of all, I love both Firefox and Thunderbird. Good job, folks. Second of all, I am a 55-year old writer who uses a computer to write and perform research, not a computer expert who likes to make an impression about how computer savvy he is. I used to program in DOS and basic: I've lost interest, since I no longer need to do that kind of thing anymore to make things work.
Now on to the problem:
While in thunderbird, I followed a link which started up firefox (1.0.7), and subsequently crashed it. An error message showed up, which I screen captured into a JPG along with the exact link I clicked to cause the problem. I will try to attach the file, but if this means of feedback does not allow that, please send me a means of getting it to you. By the way, the fact that there is not an easy link to an email to your developers on the firefox home page is a matter of consternation to me. I have other things to do than search for a very complicated way of reporting a bug to you: all I'm trying to do is help. You don't make it easy. Okay, so now I see that a graphic file cannot be attached here. The error message in the screencap is explicit: it should be of help to you. Please send me an email address so I can send you a normal email. Thanks.
Jan Benschop
dutchtreat@dnet.net


Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Open thunderbird
2.open the email I could not attach
3.click on this link: http://www.commoncause.org/StepDownHarrison

Actual Results:  
firefox crash, error message

Expected Results:  
Pop up a small window inviting a means of helping Mozilla developers with an easy to find (on home page, email link called, "Quick feedback to our developers"), easy to use (starts up mail send window) way to send you a report of the problem with a means of attaching whatever can usually be attached to an email. In other words folks, make it too arcane and circuitous, and you will miss half your valuable feedback because all us non-geeks will give up in frustration.