Print Preview fails to show total number of pages due to CSS position attribute.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.12) Gecko/20050915 Firefox/1.0.7
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.12) Gecko/20050915 Firefox/1.0.7

This has to do with a "CSS" file. I construct my own web pages for my web site. I use a master CSS file my style sheets. I found that a CSS entry prevents FireFox's "Print Preview" to show the total number of pages for a web page. Example, if the web page prints out to be "3 pages", Firefox print preview will only show the first page. At the bottom of that one page preview, I can see the text carry on beyond the preview pane boundaries. 

The CSS entry in question refers to "body", where the CSS entry specifies the attribute format for the entire body of the page. Specifically, the problem occurs with the "position" CSS attribute. When the attribute is "absolute", that causes the print preview problem. When I change that attribute to "relative", the print preview bug disappears and all pages are shown properly in the preview. 

Unfortunately, in some cases, I need the "absolute" attribute.

Please note that the CSS file is an external file accessed by the page. It is not an internal or inline CSS. 

I believe that the CSS attribute change is a temporary fix. I hope that there is a more permanent fix for FireFox that allows a proper print preview no matter the "position attribute" setting. 

MWarbinek


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. External CSS file
2. Mark a position attribute in the Body tag as "absolute"
3. no need to add any other attributes to reproduce the problem

Actual Results:  
Body CSS attribute appears as follows:

body {
position: absolute;
}


Expected Results:  
Result is that the print preview of FireFox fails to show the total number of pages for printing, and only shows 1 page of several. 


As well, if a CSS tag is used to format the entire page as to the position of the main body (box) of text, and the position attribute is placed as "absolute" the same print-preview problem occurs.

FireFox should not react to the CSS "position attribute", because in some cases a web master needs to have that body tag - "position" attribute as "absolute". 

Print Preview is used to allow the web master to see how his pages will appear when printing. As well this method is used when a long HTML page is divided up into "one page" printing sections for easier hard copy storage and online readability.