meta security bug, per chofmann's question
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5

[DRAFT for meta bug]

chofmann asked for "identifying broader solutions that can seal off areas
of vulerability" related to jesse's bug with styles.

chofmann asked and i am filing a bug.

probably most of you already know this (seems to be a management issue).

introduction: buggy code may be exploited even if the bug seems small
(check the the openssh memset 0, qmail signed int exploit)

don't see any broader solution than identifying buggy code in styles and
other modules and then fixing the buggy code (except for perhaps A for some
mitigation).

this eventually may be done in this way (in no particular order):

1. make similar fuzzers/bruteforcers for other modules (especially SVG
because of it heavy use of luser supplied numbers)
2. make running them mandatory for some time at an interval.
3. find code constructs that cause this and manually or semi-automatically
look for such code constructs not catched by the fuzzers.
4. after identifying such bugs, the majority of developers do
manual/semi-automatic code audit.

quite realize that this lowers productivity/new releases, but managementoids 
and marketoids should analyze priorities - i.e. shining features vs
exploits. there must be a buzz word for the name of analysis.

5. make clear coding guidelines to avoid *the same* mistakes in the future.
check the difference in the flawed code between:

https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=319872
and
https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=303213
(no flame intended against the coder. i have written much worse code.)

6. sec. related education for developers - have suggested this to mstoltz, 
not sure of the outcome.

7. developers should *actively* be engaged in preventing/finding security
problems.


another potential pseudo solution may be to try to mitigate exploitability
A:
A1: runtime stack overflow protection may be effective for stack
overflows (flamed on this on a list, probably there is a bug filed)
the gcc propolice patch doesn't have performance penalty according to my
tests. the m$ sh*t compiler may provide similar functionality.
very easy to implement. doubt that that this gives 100% protection.

A2: try to implement some kind of heap protection via canaries among
blocks. this eventually may stop some bugs and help find buffer overflows,
but in a multithreaded code that heavily uses C++ objects, it will not be
very effective. if implemented in debug builds, may be used for real
world testing. something like libfence may be effective for catching
overflows at the moment they occur, but last time i checked the memory
penalty was rather big (not quite sure, though)

more on technical means for mitigation of exploitability later.

probably this draft may apply to parasitic entities selling linux solutions
while hypocritically claiming that linux is not ready for the desktop, but
don't care much.

sorry for sounding like a female lawyer, but don't have a magic
wand. 



Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce: