Unable to send mail from Firefox browser.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5

You have this bug already listed as #317169, reported by a guy named "Hans".  Unlike Hans, I have the most recent version of Firefox.  In fact, when I began having the problem last night (of not being able to send e-mails from the Firefox browser), I reinstalled Firefox, again making sure it was the most recent version.  The problem persists.  I am unable to send e-mails through my Yahoo e-mail account.  I noted on your website's information that there were two updates last night to Firefox (both around 8:20 pm).  This is roughly the time my problem began occurring.  

I have Windows XP.  I had been using the Explorer browser till about a month ago.  For the past month, I've used Firefox and it worked perfectly.  Then, last night, it would not allow me to send e-mails.  I could receive them, delete them, etc.; but just not send them.  When I would try to compose an e-mail, it would let me put something in the TO area and something in the SUBJECT area, but, would not even allow access to the body of the letter area.  I tried to send the blank e-mails (just filling in the To and Subject areas); and it seemed they sent, but, they never actually got sent/received by anyone.

In addition to the symptoms I've described, the autofill address feature (wherein you type just the first letter of the recipient in the TO box and it gives you all the names in your address book that begin with that letter) did not work any more.

I, like Hans in his e-mail (bug #317169), am still able to send e-mails fine from Windows Explorer.  I'm only having this problem when using the Firefox browser.


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Both in "reply" or when composing a new letter, I begin as normal by clicking on icon for "reply" or "compose".
2.I put information in "to" area.  Put information in "subject" area.
3.I'm unable to access the area where you normally type the body of the letter.  When I hit send, it asks if I'm sure I want to send a blank e-mail.  I hit "send" anyway.  It acts as if it's sent.  But, it does not show up in the recipient's inbox.