Cannot connect to some secured sites using Firefox. gmail, bugzilla.mozilla.org Due to SSL being disabled.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 6.0; Windows NT 5.1; SV1)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0

I've been unable to access certain sites recently, specifically my mail.google.com account. I've received the message "You cannot connect to www.google.com because SSL is disabled." I am able to access www.google.com, or bugzilla.mozilla.org. This is all that I've tried, and it's not all secure sites, just these so far. 

I also receive an alert which states : 
"Could not initialize the browser's security component. The 
most likely cause is problems with the files in your browser's 
profile directory. Please check that this directory has no 
read/write restrictions and your hard disk is not full or 
close to full. It is recommended that you exit the browser 
and fix the problem. If you continue to use this browser 
session, you might see incorrect browser behavious when 
accessing security features." This happens every time I go to a website after starting Firefox.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. open firefox (homepage is set to http://www.google.com/firefox?client=firefox-a&rls=org.mozilla:en-US:official)
2. attempt to go to any other website
3.

Actual Results:  
Message box that says: 
Could not initialize the browser's security component. The 
most likely cause is problems with the files in your browser's 
profile directory. Please check that this directory has no 
read/write restrictions and your hard disk is not full or 
close to full. It is recommended that you exit the browser 
and fix the problem. If you continue to use this browser 
session, you might see incorrect browser behavious when 
accessing security features.
OK

and if it's www.gmail.com I get another message box that states "You cannot connect to www.google.com because SSL is disabled." (which they are not disabled)

Expected Results:  
Firefox functions normally, unless I am trying to access the stated websites.

The software shouldn't tell me that my SSL is disabled when I check it, and it isn't. But I don't know if this problem is specific to my PC, or to Firefox.