Using Package Maker from latest Apple Developer Tools and also lastest version from 10.3.9 breaks Firefox when building a package.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X; en) AppleWebKit/417.9 (KHTML, like Gecko) Safari/417.8
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8.0.1) Gecko/20060111 Firefox/1.5.0.1

Our Setup:
Our clients login and authenticate off of Active Directory.  We are running 10.3.9 with latest updates.  When a user logs in they get a fresh Home Directory from the local User Template and it gets deleted on logout.

We have roughly 300 client machines and when a new update of an application comes out I build a package, test it on a few machines and then push it out using Apple Remote Desktop 2.2.

With firefox I usually just make a package of just the Firefox.app and push it out but since 1.5 was different in many ways I deleted the prefs and started from scratch and set the prefs up the way I wanted.  I then made a package to install the updated prefs into the OS X local User Template and also included the Firefox.app.  

When I push that out it installs the package fine but when a user logs in and they launch Firefox they get an error:   Chrome Registration Failed.  Firefox could not install this item because of a failure in Chrome Registration.  Please contact the author about this problem.    

But the second time the user launches Firefox it seems to run correctly.  So I used those prefs then and made a package out of them.  But now when a user opens Firefox the Status bar isn't at the bottom, its up about an inch from the bottom of the window.  That inch of space is just white, so I am taking it that is an affect from the Chrome not registering.

So to push this out I was able to make a package of the prefs and push out but the Firefox.app I had to push out using the copy feature in ARD 2.2.    

You can't make a package of Firefox.app now.....something gets compressed and uncompressed wrong or something.   I also see this with Office 2004 when I was pushing out Service Packs.....I had to push it using copy instead of making a package, which sucked because the folder size of Office 2004 is almost 600MB and it took forever to push out to 300 clients.

Would be nice to see Firefox come back and work with being made a package again.   The last version of Firefox I pushed out that worked fine was 1.07.



Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Create a package of Firefox using Apples Package Maker in Developer Tools
2. Install it on other machines......I used Apple Remote Desktop 2.2 and used the Instal Package Feature
3. Should get the Chrome Error or the window webpage or status bar at the bottom should be up an inch from the bottom of the window.  That inch of space will be white.

Actual Results:  
Should get the Chrome Error or the window webpage or status bar at the bottom should be up an inch from the bottom of the window.  That inch of space will be white.

Expected Results:  
Shouldn't get any errors and the webpage should load to the full aspect of the window

I should say that when I pushed the package out it worked fine in one lab but then in another it didn't.  So it seems to be random for some reason.  So I think its uncompressing wrong or something.

I just got done pushing out Firefox 1.5.0.1 using the copy feature in ARD 2.2 and it seems to be working fine now but it would be nice to be able to make a package for Firefox again I can see it being a big issue if schools or corporations of any are using Package Maker and stuff to push Firefox out.

I should also mention I tried creating the package using Composer (Which is free now) from http://www.jamfsoftware.com/products/composer/ and still had the same issue.