Installer (and upgrade mechanism) deletes winpref.js file
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5

When you install a new version of firefox (either manually or through the upgrade mechanism) the file winprefs.js is deleted from the system.

This should not happen, especially if a system is configured to have certain option set and users should not fiddle with them (ie security, images etc).

The installer SHOULD honour the existance of the file and leave it alone or else I have to copy the file after every update/upgrade back to the location.




Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. put a winprefs.js file into the directory {%INSTALLDIR_OF_FIREFOX}/defaults/pref
2. into the file you place certain settings you wish to have company wide and NOT changeable by users (ie load config files, setup proxies ... whatever) 
3. start firefox to see whether the file is read .. it is read and certain settings in firefox will be greyed out depending on what one wishes to do.
4. upgrade firefox
5. file is gone!!

Actual Results:  
After upgrade of firefox (manual OR firefox upgrade mechanism) file winprefs.js is  deleted from the directory and one needs to replace it.

Expected Results:  
File should still be there because this may include company wide settings and some things in the file which preform intial startup settings EVERY time firefox starts should not be changesd by users (security iussues!!!!!!!!!!!!!!)



I have reported a similar issue before (bug #304106), but I was hoping that the installer would NOT touch winprefs.js, so I used that one instead.

However, it deletes (even the automatic upgrade) this one too giving me no
option to re-install that file winprefs.js. However, the problem is than that even an automatic upgrade will delete the file and I am never sure when this would happen .....

A "nightmare" scenario for a sysadmin.