FF not giving up status as default browser : uninstall causes IE not to work
User-Agent:       Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 6.0; Windows NT 5.1; SV1; JetAway Marketing Department; .NET CLR 1.1.4322; InfoPath.1)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.0.1) Gecko/20060111 Firefox/1.5.0.1

I went through the list and did not see this bug specifically - there are so many in the list though please excuse me if relisting. 

I downloaded the newest update to FF this week. At that time, firefox was accidently set as the default browser (*human error)
Unfortunately FF became not the default browser, but the ONLY browser on my system. When typing in a url or when clicking on a favourite or a link in an IE window it opens up the link in firefox. The only page that can be accessed in explorer is the home page or one from the drop down list. 

ie.. it is impossible to use IE because everything opens in FF even when using the IE browser and having no FF windows open.

Going to IE and setting it to check for the default browser does nothing to fix it, neither does resetting IE as the default in the windows explorer file association (right click). 

So took next step to uninstall FF. However, uninstalling firefox causes IE to prompt an error "application cannot be found" because it is still looking for FF (even though it has been uninstalled via the remove programs link)

The only way to fix this error is to go to the explorer (file list not browser) and MANUALLY reassociate each file with IE and then reinstall FF. 

This only started after the current release. I never had this issue previously.

Thanks!



Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Set FF as default browser
2.Open IE
3.Type in any url to IE
4.Will open in FF
5.Try reset IE as default (does not work) 
6.Uninstall FF 
7. IE will now have an application not found error when trying to use the address bar

Actual Results:  
sorry - not using a tone here, but just am not going through this again after having to spend 3 hrs this morning trying to fix the issue - but this is what happened - as I followed this post to fix it and it worked.. 

http://www.sharkyforums.com/showthread.php?t=281090


1. Software should have let IE reset itself as the default browser.
2. When FF is set as the default browser it should NOT take over IE.
(The default browser should not be a dominant browser, just a default.)
3. When the browswer is uninstalled it should release its associations with file types, so they do not have to be reset by hand.