Web pages overlapping each other cannot be moved out of the way to reveal underlying webpage.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8.0.1) Gecko/20060111 Firefox/1.5.0.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8.0.1) Gecko/20060111 Firefox/1.5.0.1

This is the “Bug”
When I open up multiple webpages on my desktop in their own windows, I find that, "If I am in the middle of downloading a file with Firefox at that time, it results in a movable however non-settling webpage, once you let go of the mouse button. When I let go of the mouse button once I have the webpage where I want it. Instead of stopping and anchoring itself, the webpage will snap back directly and then align itself 100% Perfectly above and totally covering the secondary webpage beneath it. All efforts after this to drag the page and make it stay somewhere off of the secondary page below it to allow reading and viewing of the page results in just the topmost webpage snapping right back to cover the page below it completely. Repeating this notion over and over to different parts of the desktop did not result in any improvement. And I have a 24" Screen running at 1920*1440 dpi too. Lotsa desktop space.

I did however just started noticing today, that it seems to just be happening while or if an internet Download is in progress USING the browser. This did not happen before Firefox 1.5. only after the upgrade. I do notice that the upgrade has made Firefox way more compatible with windows as well as ,”THEIR,” version of Java than before, however when it comes to cross-platform compatibility and problems arising from the use of Windows platforms. It is a moot point. However I also noticed a big decrease in compatibility with Adobe Golives' CS2 inline frames, However it did become much more compatible with Dreamweaver MXs' features as well as functions. It did cause me to recode 2 complete websites into the new DreamweaverMX Platform. However I must admit that this did result in much cleaner coded, faster loading website, And total customer satisfaction of course. Thanks!
Best Regards,
Mario (aka The MacMekanik)

Reproducible: Always




Setup: Running Dual-2.5G5-5GBram XT800-Radeon and 2-Maxtor Maxline-III 300GB Drives in a striped raid 0 array. Pioneer DVR-108XL. I am running OSX Tiger 10.4.5,