Second and Subsequent Web Page Pop-Up Windows are Non-Functional
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8.0.1) Gecko/20060111 Firefox/1.5.0.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8.0.1) Gecko/20060111 Firefox/1.5.0.1

Microsoft Web Page Product Finder Pop-Up window DOES NOT WORK -- after the first 2 steps in the selection process is accomplished e.g., 
After I click on "I want a mouse",
Pop-Up window asks user to select one of the following:
I want a mouse
              "I often work on the go."
              "I primarily work in my home or office."
 
After selecting one of the above, when I click "Next"
a Pop-Up Window sez:
"I want a mouse.
I want a compact mouse.
I want to work wirelessly.
I want to work wirelessly, and I prefer Bluetooth products.
I want to use my mouse on a variety of surfaces.
I want a mouse with the best possible precision and control.
I want an easy way to deal with passwords."
 
After selecting one of the above, when I click "Next" buttt
NOTHING HAPPENS  (PRODUCT FINDER BECOMES NON-FUNCTIONAL)
when using the latest version of Firefox or Safari browsers under Mac OS 10.4.5

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Go to: http://www.microsoft.com/hardware/mouseandkeyboard/default.mspx
2. Select "I want a mouse"
3. Hit the "Go" Button, and Product Finder Pop-Up window comes up
4. Under "I want a Mouse" 
Select:
       "I often work on the go" or
       "I primarily work in my home or office."
5.  Hit the "Next" button to view more Product Finder Pop-up window choices e.g.,
        "I want to work wirelessly.
	I want to work on a variety of surfaces.
	I want an easy way to deal with passwords.
	I want a mouse with the best possible precision and control.
	I want a standard mouse."
6. Hit the "Next" button, but...
7.  NOTHING HAPPENS e.g., the Product Finder Window DOES NOT RESPOND
8.  I Submitted a Bug Report to Microsoft, buttt Microsoft Customer Service sez 'Not their Problem'

Actual Results:  
Second Microsoft Mouse Product Finder Pop-Up Window DOES NOT respond after an item is selected, when the "Next" button is hit.

Expected Results:  
A subsequent Microsoft Mouse Product Finder Pop-Up window SHOULD come up, Buttt DOES NOT.

MICROSOFT'S RESPONSE TO the BUG REPORT I SUBMITTED TO THEM:
"Thank you for contacting Microsoft Customer Service.
I understand that you were unable to view the result of the product search you performed using the Microsoft Product Finder Pop-up window. 
I would like to let you know that I was unable to reproduce the error that you encountered using Microsoft Internet Explorer. The Web site is working correctly. 
Since you are using Firefox, I suggest you contact your browser manufacturer directly. They are better equipped to provide you an accurate response. 
Mozilla Firefox support - http://www.mozilla.org/support/#third-party 
If you have other questions about Microsoft.com, please do not hesitate to write back.
Thank you,
Ram
Microsoft Online Customer Service Representative"