The notice "Server Not Found" appears more and more when accessing familiar webpages that older versions of Firefox accessed seemlessly
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5

Although this situation has been reported, the other bug discussions have not taken it seriously.  There are lots of references to it on the Firefox forum, but the Forum has proven to be woefully inadequate in addressing it.

Ever since I upgraded to Firefox 1.5 I keep getting this message an inordinant number of times:

"Server not found
Firefox can't find the server at kb.mozillazine.org.
* Check the address for typing errors such as
ww.example.com instead of
www.example.com
* If you are unable to load any pages, check your computer's network
connection.
* If your computer or network is protected by a firewall or proxy, make sure
that Firefox is permitted to access the Web.
(You note that it even occurred while trying to access a page on the Mozilla Firefox forum!)

I have tried an experiment in which I have tried to access the same webpage with Netscape 7.2, Internet Explorer 6.2009 and Firefox 1.5, and each new version of Firefox up to Firefox 1.5.0.3. Netscape and Internet Explorer connect, yet Firefox just hangs there. This problem occurred with Firefox 1.5.0.1 and Firefox 1.5.0.2 I only have a few extensions (DownThemAll! IE View Talkback and DOM Inspector) I have read the FAQ and have found nothing to address this problem.

With the latest upgrades of Firefox it sometime seems like I've abandoned my high speed cable connection and gone back to dial up!

Surely someone in Mozilla can explain this persistent sluggishness which does not occur when I use the older version of Netscape or the current version of Internet Explorer.

Here is a link that stalled and stalled and stalled with Firefox but connected instantly with the hated Internet Explorer and the older version of Netscape. Does anyone have any idea why IE works and Netscape 7.2 workm while Firefox fails?

http://dir.yahoo.com/News_and_Media/Newspapers/?b=60

If you go through the posts on the Firefox Forum you will see quite a number of posts concerning this Server Not Found bug.  The proposed solutions are worthless for the most part because the users clearly state that they used to be able to get through to sites using Firefox.  The problems began WHEN WE UPGRADED Firefox. The problem lies within the newer versions of Firefox. I have been bird-dogging this issue in the forum for awhile and have read lots of posts about this baffling problem. The one thing that most of us who have the "server not found" problem have in common, is that it developed after we upgraded. The solutions all point to Firewalls, anti-virus programs and a host of other situations that existed BEFORE we upgraded. We didn't experience the problem before; and we haven't installed new firewalls or anti-virus programs. The only thing we have done is to upgrade Firefox. What was done by the developers of Firefox to Firefox that has caused this problem? We just upgraded. Why didn't the problem occur in older versions of Firefox; does not occur in Internet Explorer; and does not occur in Netscape? What critical change was made to Firefox that is causing the "server not found" problem; and can whatever was done be turned off or deleted? I miss my old, reliable Firefox.

A defect was created when Firefox 1.5 was produced, and that defect has been carried forward into the subsequent generations of Firefox.  It is truly disheartening to see Internet Explorer and old versions of Netscape run circles around the now sluggish Firefox.

This bug is for real!

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Click on a link in an open page
2.
3.

Actual Results:  
I experience it will all sorts of sites including Mozilla's Firefox forum! I also experience in when accessing newspapers on this page:
http://dir.yahoo.com/News_and_Media/Newspapers/   It happens intermittently but frequently.  I click on a link; the hourglass appears; the bottom of the page indicates that it is accessing or finding a website; the hourglass just stays there until the Server Not Found notice appears.  

Expected Results:  
It should have opened the page just like Netscape 7.2, Internet Explorer, and pre version 1.5 editions of Firefox did.

Please don't ignore this post.  Go through the Firefox forum and you will see that a lot of us are dealing with this pain in the butt.  The suggested remedies are not helpful and all presuppose that the users have done something to their computers other than to upgrade to Firefox 1.5 and later editions.  The only thing we did was to upgrade the Firefox browser, just as we faithfully did as each new pre-version 1.5 was released.  The problem has nothing to do with our firewalls, or anti-virus programs; or any of the other myriad suggestions given by the well intentioned people who give advice in the forum. Something is wrong with Firefox 1.5, Firefox 1.5.0.2 and Firefox 1.5.0.3  Again, older versions of Netscape and the current version of the hated Internet Explorer are blowing the doors off of the newest versions of Firefox.  That is really upsetting.