advertising.com freeze problem
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.0.3) Gecko/20060426 Firefox/1.5.0.3
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.0.3) Gecko/20060426 Firefox/1.5.0.3

Every single time I access a webpage that has banner ads from advertising.com the site freezes and locks up.  Everytime it happens it freezes at the servedby.advertising.com prompt, but this ONLY happens with Firefox and not Internet Explorer. 

More and more sites are using banner ads from Advertising.com as they appear to be nearing if not THE market leader for online banner ads.  But, viewing any sites served by advertising.com is a complete waste of time using the firefox browser because for some reason it just freezes.  This happens to me on multiple PC's and multiple websites (ESPN.com, Rivals.com, Careerbuilder.com, etc...) so it is obviously some disconnect between Firefox and Advertising.com.  

Many of the sites I visit on a regular basis use advertising.com for their banner ads and I am now forced to use Internet Explorer (which pains me for numerous reasons)

I switched to Firefox for mostly security reasons, but if it is not functional I'm going to shit can it altogether which would make me very sad.  :(

PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE open up a discussion with the advertising.com techies to find out how to fix this problem.  I really would prefer to use a non-microsoft product, but I can't if it won't work.  

I would be happy to walk you through if it would help, but I'm sure you're smarter than me and you can figure it out.  I have faith.  

Thanx for listening to my gripe.

Best of Success,

The One and Only SPOILERDAVE

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. goto any site that uses advertising.com and try to view the site.  
2.
3.

Actual Results:  
it brings up a portion of the page, then gets stuck at served.advertising.com for hella days.  Never stops.  I could leave for 3 hours and come back and it's still stuck.



Expected Results:  
it freezes and I have to quit using firefox and switch to IE in order to view the website.

I sent the exact same bug report to advertising.com in an attempt to get this fixed.  Good LUck !!!