new URL link "opens" in a background window and thus is not seen!
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8.0.4) Gecko/20060508 Firefox/1.5.0.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8.0.4) Gecko/20060508 Firefox/1.5.0.4

This doesn't always happen, but many times, maybe30 to 40% of the time, when I'm in Firefox and click a link to go to another page, instead of the linked page opeing in the window I'm in, or better yet, opeing in a new window, the link opens in one of many other pages I already have open. This means that I can't see where it opened, as it doesn't always open in the page immediately below the one I'm in. This is extremely annoying, as I then have to close or minimize multiple windows to find my new page. (I know, it might be easier it I used tabs, but am not yet doing that.)  This is also annoying because when it opens in another window, I have to hit the back button in that window, to see what I was looking at previously on that page.
  I have this happen on both my PowerBook G4, 1.67GHz with 2 Gig RAM, and on my
Quad G5 (2.5 GHz x 4 CPU's, and 4 Gig RAM), both of which are new machines purchased in 10/05 (although the G5 didn't arrive until 12/05)
    Please fix this, and THANKS, I appreciate the hard work you guys (& gals) are doing!
David B

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1.open multiple internet windows
2.bounce around like you're looking for something in pages links
3.get frustrated because the link "never" opened - it did, only behind another window, while erasing the previous window you purposely left open because you wanted to return to that window later.

Actual Results:  
see above summary

Expected Results:  
It should have opened the clicked on link either in the same page I clicked from, or better yet, in a new window that would appear on top of all the others, so I would know the new site was now open and available.

It's extremely annoying to not know whether or not a link didn't open due to some other error vs not being sure if it opened under other windows, so you have to search all open windows to see if you can find it. (Sometimes as many as 25 open windows/pages. (Not a problem, I have 4 Gigs RAM on my G5)

I consider this a major feature being broken, as it's totally abnormal behavior, and I've never seen this happen with Safari, nor Omniweb, nor Internet Explorer, nor Netscape etc.

Thanks again for your ongoing efforts, know that they are appreciated!