Works on Mac not on PC (target="_blank") Failure (see below)
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8.0.4) Gecko/20060508 Firefox/1.5.0.4
Build Identifier: Firefox 1.5.0.4

Please view this page on both a Mac and a PC. You need to do that so you can understand the difference. On the Mac the page renders and displays as expected and a "View Page Source" works properly. On the PC it doesn't. Specifically under the historical advertising links. On the PC the actual link is not displayed nor the "A HREF" text. If you view page source, it shows the text is not there even though it clearly is. The REAL kicker is if I put the file on a CD and view the file from the CD it displays correctly. So this is some weird display issue when the page is fed from the webservr. I use this same link on *ALL* pages at this site (and several others) and it's basic HTML. [I will confess to the slight possibility all six people who have looked at this code have missed a coding error, but somehow I doubt that since it works fine on the Mac....]

(The page renders properly in IE.)


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Use Mac
2.Use PC
3.Compare
(Please see under details above for explanations)

Actual Results:  
This happens on 4 different PC units running various iterations 1.5.0.x Firefox but all under Windows. The link and underlying text simply isn't there.

Expected Results:  
I expected it to work.

You will notice the FIFTH line which links to a HTML page and not an image file displays correctly. So it would appear the BLANK tag followed by the SPAN tag would be the problem. Only if I remove the SPAN tag after it and replace it with EM and FONT SIZE -X the problem still happens. (The page renders properly in IE.)

I also tried re-ordering that block to the bottom of the page (as a test) and it failed there as well. 

To me the key is that it works from a CD I burn and put in the PC but not from the webserver. Yet the whole thing works on the Mac.

(The PC and Mac both use the NOIA theme.