No Proxy For - DNS Domain Trailing Dot like Bonjour Sites - Drop Trailing Dot
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8.0.4) Gecko/20060508 Firefox/1.5.0.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8.0.4) Gecko/20060508 Firefox/1.5.0.4

Applicable to all platforms. (And almost all browsers!)
I use a web proxy for most web sites (Internet), works fine.
If I have "No Proxy for:" set to "some.domain.org" (which is internal/intranet)
I can browse to "http://blah.some.domain.org/" just fine.  The proxy is bypassed.
I cannot browse to "http://blah.some.domain.org./"  because the trailing dot is not in the "No Proxy for:" list.  This means I have to enter both "some.domain.org" AND "some.domain.org." in the "No Proxy for:" list, which seems silly.  Maybe drop the trailing dot of any URL if a preliminary DNS resolution fails?  Drop it before that?  Then match against the "No Proxy for:" list?  Trailing dots are given, aren't they?
Bonjour or ZeroConf web sites can advertise themselves with trailing dots on their DNS names, which is why this can be a common problem.
Fantastic work, fantastic products.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Configure Firefox to use a web proxy.
2. Configure Firefox's "No Proxy for:" list to include a domain to which your machine has direct access (doesn't need a proxy).  This can be an internal/intranet organizational domain, for example.
3. Browse to a web site on the above-mentioned domain.  Should work fine.
4. Browse to the same web site in step 3, but add a trailing dot to the DNS name of the web server.  This doesn't match the "No Proxy for:" list, Firefox will try to use the web proxy from step 1.

Actual Results:  
Firefox tried to use a web proxy to browse to "some.domain.org."

Expected Results:  
Firefox should not have used a web proxy to browse to "some.domain.org." because "some.domain.org" (without trailing dot) is in the "No Proxy for:" list.

This problem seems to be common to many web browsers.  Yet another way for Firefox to be a step above the rest!