Please Default to SHOW "install" button (pref 'extensions.hideInstallButton')
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.8.1b1) Gecko/20060727 BonEcho/2.0b1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.8.1b1) Gecko/20060727 BonEcho/2.0b1

Ref bug 342656: Elimination of the "install" button makes it impossible to install a theme (.jar file) from local disk. If a Firefox 2.0 User is installing from addons.mozilla.org, then there may not be a problem--

But MANY themes are maintained by their authors on private FTP sites, rather than AMO. Big Problem: After you download the *.jar file, you can't install it until AFTER you search bugzilla to see documentation for the preference within bug 342656.

(Bug has instructions for opening about:config and changing the pref, but you need to know the NAME OF THE PREF before you can proceed to change it. Bugzilla search is necessary to find the pref.)

We've dumbed it down to far-- eliminating functionality which I think many FF users depend on to install themes. There will be lots of queries at Mozillazine forums, lots of emails nagging Theme developers... and lots of time spent by users to perform the about:config change. 

I understand that a request to switch the default to 'false' (i.e., DON'T hide the "install" button) will be closed "wontfix". Therefore, I instead request that this pref be exposed in the default 'Preferences' GUI.

Unsure whether this bug should be in component "Extensions/Theme Manager" or "Preferences"... but the problem originates in a change to "Extensions/Theme Manager", so that's where I'm listing it. 

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Download a Theme as a *.jar file.

2. Open "Tools" --> "Add Ons" --> "Themes" to install your new Theme.

3. Look for the "Install" button-- it ain't there.

4. cuss quietly... search bugzilla if you're "savvy enough", then fight your way through "about:config" or hand-edit your "prefs.js" to reset the pref as "false".
Actual Results:  
Slow painful process to (A) search bugzilla and find the name of the new pref which Erased the Button; then (b) re-show the button via editing prefs.js or diving into about:config.

Expected Results:  
The Button should be there, we need the ability to install a downloaded *.jar file (AFAIK).

If the Button won't be there, then please AT LEAST Show us the pref in the preferences GUI, or as an "option" within the Extensions Manager panel, so that we can reset it to the needed value without doing a slow search of bugzilla to see the name of the new pref which "broke" it.

I'm calling it "Minor", but the workaround is hardly "easy" for a typical User. (Uh, that's why we even HAVE a GUI for prefs, hand editing or about:config editing is NOT suitable for most end users.)

If anyone wants to vote for "Normal" Severity, I really have to agree :(