[pinstripe] Tab close button is on right (wrong) side of tab
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8.1b1) Gecko/20060817 BonEcho/2.0b1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8.1b1) Gecko/20060817 BonEcho/2.0b1

In bug 343674, Asa opines that having the tab close button on the same side of the tab as the favicon is 1. aesthetically displeasing and 2. potentially confusing (in cases where the fallback placeholder favicon is displayed). He then suggests that the solution is to move the close button to the right side of the tab, which is the policy that got implemented by the FF2 visual update. 

I can't tell how much discussion this issue got, since the theme design process is opaque, but given that the implemented fix is radical and destructive, I think it ought to be discussed more publicly. 

I'll refrain from any HIG invoking ('cause I'm apparently the one Mac user who hasn't read it?), but established precedent says that putting close buttons on the right-hand side of a document tab on Mac OS is wrong. (See http://inessential.com/?comments=1&postid=3329 for Brent Simmons' quick roundup of Mac apps that use tabs to represent multiple documents per window.) Asa had a point about [tab-close, favicon, page title] being kludgy and yuck, but sabotaging the two-decades-old muscle memory of Mac users (close buttons belong on the LEFT) is a far too brutal solution. 

It would be much better to move the favicon (that is to say, the click-inert UI element that encodes parenthetical [and frequently absent] information, rather than the crucial document-destruction control that users have developed well-honed and *consistent* cross-application instincts to deal with) to the right-hand side of the tab, leaving the close button where every Mac user expects to find it. 

An additional aid to clarity would be changing the fallback favicon to something non-round on Pinstripe. 

(The question of whether tab-close controls ought to *look* different in Firefox than they do in every other tabbed application is being handled in bug 347691. This bug is just about placement.) 

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
Try to close a tab the same way you would in Safari, Camino, VoodooPad, Transmit, the NetNewsWire browser control, Adium, or Smultron. 
Actual Results:  
Failure followed by double-take, because the tab close button is positioned idiosyncratically. 

Expected Results:  
Tab closes.