Secondary Focus Window changes when changing Primary Focus Window
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5

When I have two or more windows open along with the bookmarks manager, if one window has had Primary Focus (call it #1) and I then switch Primary Focus to another window (#2) and then switch Primary Focus to the Bookmarks Manager, the window behind the Bookmarks Manager (which I refer to as the Secondary Focus window) changes back to #1 instead of remaining on #2.  If I then switch the Primary Focus back to #2 and select the Bookmarks Manager again, the Secondary Focus again switches back to #1.  This happens three or four times before the Secondary Focus stays on #2 when I select the bookmarks manager.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open two browser windows on different sites and open the Bookmarks Manager
2. Browse one site for a few links, then use the taskbar to switch focus to the second site (the other window)
3. Use the taskbar to switch focus to the Bookmarks Manager

Actual Results:  
First window is displayed behind the Bookmarks Manager, replacing the second window which had the focus immediately before selecting the Bookmarks Manager

Expected Results:  
Second window should retain Secondary Focus (remain displayed behind the Bookmarks Manager)

I always use the Taskbar to switch windows.  I have not tried to reproduce this bug using any other window switching method.  This bug is interfering with my ability to browse other sites while chatting on a web chat site.  If I switch away from the chat site (#1) to another site in another window (#2) then select the Bookmarks Manager, I expect the secondary focus to remain on the last-selected site (#2) so that I can select a new link to browse to in the #2 window, since Firefox always sends the link you select in the Bookmarks Manager to the window which has Secondary Focus.  Since FF is insisting on returning Secondary Focus to the chat window (#1) each time I click the Bookmarks Manager, I risk losing my chat session unless I keep clicking between site #2 and the Bookmarks Manager until FF eventually gives up returning Secondary Focus to site #1 and leaves Secondary Focus on site #2.  The bug exists in this version of FF on both 98SE and XP.  Although I have marked this bug as minor, it is very annoying and frustrating!