Closing any Firefox window results in an "unresponsive script" dialog
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.0.6) Gecko/20060728 Firefox/1.5.0.6
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.0.6) Gecko/20060728 Firefox/1.5.0.6

This problem just showed up last night, and I can't figure out what caused it-- I didn't install anything new to Firefox or make any changes. The only new software I installed was the latest public release of Internet Explorer 7; it was only to try it out, I'm still a die-hard Firefox user.

Whenever I close a Firefox window, about five seconds later, I'm given the following message:

"Warning: Unresponsive script
"A script on this page may be busy, or it may have stopped responding. You can stop the script now, or you can continue to see if the script will complete.
"[Stop script] [Continue]"
(The last line quoted represents two buttons.)

I have already attempted to fix this by increasing the "dom.max_script_run_time" variable in the configuration; however, the only effect of this was a longer wait time before the message appeared.

Clicking the "Stop script" button will allow the window to close. However, clicking "Continue" will cause the window to remain open, even though I have already exited the program.

As my specifications confirm, I'm running Firefox 1.5.0.6 on a PC running Windows XP. Again, the only change I made around the time that this problem appeared was the installation of Internet Explorer 7. I can't concieve a reason why that would affect Firefox, but you never know, really.

Any information or help regarding this bug would be greatly appreciated.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Start Firefox.
2. Close a Firefox browser window.

Actual Results:  
The following message appears:
"Warning: Unresponsive script
"A script on this page may be busy, or it may have stopped responding. You can stop the script now, or you can continue to see if the script will complete.
"[Stop script] [Continue]"
(The last line quoted represents two buttons.)


Clicking the "Stop script" button will allow the window to close. Clicking the "Continue" button restarts the thought-to-be closed window.

Expected Results:  
The window should have closed quickly and with no error messages.