automatic proxy has to be reloaded each time firefox starts  to work on vpn.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.10) Gecko/20050716 Firefox/1.0.6
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.10) Gecko/20050716 Firefox/1.0.6

When a first instance of firefox is started, assume that i have already configured the automatic proxy settings. Now if i try to go a site, the message that i get at  status bar is "Connecting to google.com(example)". Now if I go to the connection settings window, and just click on the Reload button, and click OK come out of it, then the browser is able to detect the settings. Now if an second instance of firefox is opened then no configuration is needed to be done. However if I close the first window and open another window, I have to configure the setting once again. This happens only when I use the VPN. If use Nortel Networks VPN software. The proxy url is proxy.cat.com. There is no problem with the manual configuration option, only that I cannot use it in VPN. I am sending you screenshots for the entire procedure. Please let me know the updates on  my email id. Sorry there is no option to send the images so i cant send them. 


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. When a first instance of firefox is started, assume that i have already configured the automatic proxy settings. Now if i try to go a site, the message that i get at  status bar is "Connecting to google.com(example)". Now if I go to the connection settings window, and just click on the Reload button, and click OK come out of it, then the browser is able to detect the settings. Now if an second instance of firefox is opened then no configuration is needed to be done. However if I close the first window and open another window, I have to configure the setting once again. This happens only when I use the VPN. If use Nortel Networks VPN software. The proxy url is proxy.cat.com. There is no problem with the manual configuration option, only that I cannot use it in VPN. I am sending you screenshots for the entire procedure. Please let me know the updates on  my email id. 
2.
3.

Actual Results:  
When a first instance of firefox is started, assume that i have already configured the automatic proxy settings. Now if i try to go a site, the message that i get at  status bar is "Connecting to google.com(example)". Now if I go to the connection settings window, and just click on the Reload button, and click OK come out of it, then the browser is able to detect the settings. Now if an second instance of firefox is opened then no configuration is needed to be done. However if I close the first window and open another window, I have to configure the setting once again. This happens only when I use the VPN. If use Nortel Networks VPN software. The proxy url is proxy.cat.com. There is no problem with the manual configuration option, only that I cannot use it in VPN. I am sending you screenshots for the entire procedure. Please let me know the updates on  my email id. 

Expected Results:  
I should not configure the setting each time. Firefox should detect them automatically.