false 404 google error, randomly not loading all images, not finding online e-mail server when logging  - using proxy
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; ro-RO; rv:1.7.10) Gecko/20050717 Firefox/1.0.6
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1 + Windows 98 + Windows Vista; ro-RO; rv:1.7.10) Gecko/20050717 Firefox/1.0.6

My internet connection is trough proxi from a local server. I can not change to direct connection or Internet Connection Sharing. It works ok IE (except IE 7 on Windows Vista) and also works on Opera. But I so much prefer Firefoc which on another connection with the same sistem and intalation of Firefox but now Poxi worked, still on my home connection, with proxi does not.

It issues the folowing errors (all are on the same sistem/connection/Firefox instalation:

When i try to connect to my online mail acount (SquirrelMail Login V1.4.6) sometimes it loads the login page but when i log-in it tells me that it cannot find or connect to the E-mail server (while before and after that with IE and Opera it worked).

Another problem is the verry frequent loading of 404 google page when requestig urls that work on IE and Opera (though IE 7 from Windows Vista Beta gives me this too)

The last problem that is very frequent and very anoying is that it does not load all the images in a site, specially flickr which i wisit very often. Also I used a flickr two thumbs prewiev on my blog and it does not load them eather, although Firefox is the best browser for it's administration page and that still works with the proxi. The blog is at http://jurnal.adrianradic.com but as the others the images load just fine in IE and Opera.

About the proxi.. it's a simple proxi i use this pretty much network standard addres to connect trough it (if it's of any help) 192.168.0.1:6588

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.set a proxi only connection (worked on IE and Opera but not on Firefox)
2.try loading a flickr member photo stream (see if all photos load)
3.try to login to online SquirrelMail Login V1.4.6

Actual Results:  
just as i described in the details


Expected Results:  
In IE and Opera all worked just fine on the same system (tryed on W_98, W_XP, W_2000, and now W_Vista Beta2 and on all it worked fine in Opera and IE - except IE 7). All pages loaded (while most in Firefox gave 404 google error). All picts loaded (while in Firefox only few, almost never all)

All this worked just fine on Firefox before the proxi connection, but still it works now too but on IE and Opera.

More about my connection: we have to use Proxi because Internet Connection Sharing simply did not work (it did from our ex-providers but not with the new ones). The server wich gets the internet connection direct from the providers' modem does not need proxi because it works just fine (including Firefox) but it can not share the connection but only trough proxi, thus this situation.