Small Icons checkbox moves away from cursor when clicked - Toolbars Customize interface
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.5a) Gecko/20030721 Mozilla Firebird/0.6
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.5a) Gecko/20030721 Mozilla Firebird/0.6

Clicking the "Use Small Icons" checkbox causes the Toolbars to be resized, which
in turn causes the Customize pane to move (which is 'attached' to the toolbars).
This causes the checkbox that has just been clicked to jump out from under the
cursor.
This is a little annoying, becuase you can't sit there and toggle between the
two states quickly. In order to compare the two states you must reposition the
cursor for each click/change.
(Similar behaviour occurs with the drop down list box (DDLB) when switching
between "Icons", "Icons and Text" and "Text" modes. However, this is not as big
an issue because DDLBs do not lend themselves to fast toggling, and hence a user
would not expect to be able to do this)

Further thoughts....
Given the nature of the implementation of the Customize pane, I cannot envisage
a quick fix - it seems to be an inherent result of having the pane attached to
the toolbars. Detaching the pane is possible, or perhaps just stretching the
"connective tissue" at the top (so to speak) whenever a toolbar resize occurs.
Another possibility (albeit ultra nasty and messy and likely to cause more
problems than it solves) is to move the checkbox within the pane itself ...
urrghh - no no, forget it.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Run MozillaFirebird.exe
2. Click View > Toolbars > Customize ...
3. If necessary, switch to "Icon" or "Icon and Text" view
4. Click the checkbox for "Use Small Icons" to change its state (change to on or
off - it doesn't matter)

Actual Results:  
The toolbars are resized.
The Customize pane moves up or down accordingly, taking the "Use Small Icons"
checkbox with it, away from the cursor

Expected Results:  
It would be nice if the checkbox for "Use Small Icons" did not jump away from
the cursor. See the "Description" for some musings