Firefox crippled after displaying certain sites...
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.6) Gecko/20040206 Firefox/0.8
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.6) Gecko/20040206 Firefox/0.8

Hi!

There are two sites I am currently having trouble with:
http://www.msx.org/ and http://map.tni.nl/

It's really weird, Firefox (0.8) basically just says 'Waiting for response' or
'Transferring data', or something similar for infinitely long. It usually loads
the title (the titlebar changes), and sometimes it shows the blue background of
msx.org, but after that... nothing happens.

This didn't happen before - I don't know why it does now. I tried
un/reinstalling Firefox, doing the same for all related applications, recreating
the profile, disabling IPv6... Nothing works, it still happens. On my sister's
computer on the same LAN Firefox works ok.

Ok, some more on this, which I found out after experimenting a little. If I
mid-click on any link to http://www.msx.org/ (open in new tab) it loads
perfectly fine! But, this only works as long as I haven't viewed the site - if I
select the tab, then go back a tab, and try to open it again in a new tab, it fails.

So, apparantly something goes wrong when it starts rendering the page.
http://map.tni.nl/ now displays fine the first time, but any subsequent browsing
in the page doesn't work. It could well be that the loading-time of the page
falls within the page display timeout before it starts rendering (this would
also explain why I could see the page title and sometimes a blue background on
msx.org).

Maybe there is some way I could capture and view the http headers within
Firefox? Because that might be where things start going wrong...

Some more odd notes about this:
- Mozilla ('seamonkey') 1.7a has no trouble at all with these pages. Nor has IE.
- An exact copy of the map.tni.nl page (it is my own site :)) also resides on my
local web server (KFWeb), and I can browse it there without any problems at all
(on 127.0.0.1:81).
- It disables and slows down my other Firefox windows. After this happens, when
I open a new window, I have to wait about 10 seconds before I can use it,
instead of the usual almost instant appearance. And after that, it still pretty
much doesn't work.
- These two pages are sites I frequent quite often. So far I haven't encountered
this on any other site.

I can't make heads or tails of it.

Seems like a serious bug! And only occuring in a certain environment (what
exactly causes this problem I ofcourse don't know) in combination with certain
pages(/http headers?) because it doesn't happen on my sister's computer. And
when I try it from another user login on this PC, the problem is still there, so
it doesn't seem to be a problem with my windows user profile.

Anyways, as long as I haven't found out the cause, I guess it would be hard to
reproduce. However, I have the Firefox source on my PC, and it builds ok (latest
cvs still has these trouble btw). So if anyone wants me to perform some kind of
tests, like profiling or so (although I don't know how to do that), I could
research it for a bit if someone would direct me a little...


~Grauw

p.s. the problem persists in the latest CVS.

-- 
Ushiko-san! Kimi wa doushite, Ushiko-san!! 

Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1. Setup your system in a similar manner as mine... (how? where?)
2. Go to either http://www.msx.org/ or http://map.tni.nl/
Actual Results:  
Browser loads page fine until first-time display, after that doesn't load any
pages anymore, not in other browser instances either. After closing all
instances, things work well again. Opening a new instance after visiting one of
those sites takes about 10 seconds instead of the usual almost-instant appearance.

Expected Results:  
Just work normally.

Windows XP, Athlon XP 1500+, 1GB RAM, um, dunno what else would be useful
information.