biased situation of firefox toolbar search
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.7.5) Gecko/20041111 Firefox/1.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.7.5) Gecko/20041111 Firefox/1.0

Well, actually it's not a bug, but more like an annoyance. With the release of
FireFox 1.0 PR, I started to see other search engines listed in firefox search
bar. At first I wasn't that much shocked about it. But I was wondering why
there're just the five of them. 

And after I saw a discussion of de-DE version of Firefox, I understood that i'm
totally right on my worries. That search bar is totally generates a bias on
search ing mechanism. That must be the last thing that mozilla foundation or any
FREE (as in speech not beer), software advocate would like. Since ancestor of
mozilla (netscape) is suffered from that bias microsoft created over browsers,
mozilla should be more than careful about that. Considering the search engines
in the list are all commercial companies (and that includes Google) having them
in Free product does not look like right. 


Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
fire up firefox
Actual Results:  
You see list of search engines, that's actualy popular ones, but still it must
be YOU that choose which of them to have in search bar list. One thing more as
you can't wipe off IE from windows, you can't wipe off the search engine in that
list without deleting the related files from shell. There's no gui, aka easy
way, to get rid of them. 

Expected Results:  
Instead of default search engines, user should use add engine link, (and make it
work well of course) and choose the search engines in his/her favor. That of
course will annoy some people, but it's better to be that way to have not biased
firefox. We want it free as in speech, not free as in beer (like spyware etc.) 

http://forums.mozillazine.org/viewtopic.php?t=164892&postdays=0&postorder=asc&postsperpage=15&start=0

That's the discussion over de-DE version of firefox, and that unfortunate
situation that firefox acts like an exact spyware. 

There can be claims like google, or any other search engine is defacto standard.
But however then anyone can also claim IE is defacto standard too? I'm totally
against any commercial search engine (commercial like getting profit from
searchs, so not like having search is free).