Save Image replace dialog cannot be closed by Alt-F4, Esc etc
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.6) Gecko/20050225 Firefox/1.0.1 (MOOX M2)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.6) Gecko/20050225 Firefox/1.0.1 (MOOX M2)

When saving an image from a web page to a directory which already contains a
file with the same name, Firefox asks 

"<filename> already exists.
Do you want to replace it?
[Yes] [No]"

This dialog window doesn't have an option to be closed by pressing Alt-F4 or Esc
or clicking the cross in the upper right corner of the dialog window. The cross
is gray, not active.

This should be corrected so that all the abovementioned ways of closing the
window would work and act exactly like pressing No, just like they work in the
previous "Save image to location" window as if Cancel would have been clicked.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Go to a web page with a picture.
2. Click the image with the secondary mouse button and choose Save Image As.
3. Select a directory to save the image and save it by clicking Save.
4. Repeat steps 1 to 3.
5. In the following dialog, try pressing Alt-F4 or Esc or clicking the cross in
the upper right corner of the dialog window. The window should close but it does
not.
6. Close the window leaving the file intact by clicking No.
7. You'll return to the previous dialog window. Try pressing Alt-F4 or Esc or
clicking the cross in the upper right corner of the dialog window. The window
closes normally, unlike the replace confirmation dialog window.

Actual Results:  
Save Image dialog window closes when pressing Alt-F4 or Esc or clicking the
cross in the upper right corner of the dialog window. Save Image replace
confirmation dialog window does not.

Expected Results:  
Save Image replace confirmation window should be closable by any normal means
like the Save Image dialog window, including pressing Alt-F4 or Esc or clicking
the cross in the upper right corner of the dialog window.