Any Extension Can Steal Information
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.7.12) Gecko/20050915 Firefox/1.0.7
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.7.12) Gecko/20050915 Firefox/1.0.7

Concerning extensions, if the creator of the extension desires to steal information, it passes over any security in Firefox.  For example, lets use Selenium Recorder as an example.  Selenium itself will not go over and work with a site that it is not being hosted on.  So Selenium on my machine will not script google.com .   Browser restrictions limit the JavaScript functionality.  However, an extension like this can steal any information and send it to the developer as necessary.  The extension runs a copy of Selenium, but does not respect any security preventing cross-site scripting.  This is usually specifically prevented in Firefox.  

Selenium Recorder is only provided as an example.   I realize this is a fix needed in Selenium Recorder.  For Firefox however, what other extensions could steal information without the user knowing?  Extensions must be made to obey security measures already in the browser.  How is a developer prevented from stealing information?

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.  Install Selenium Recorder
2.  Restart browser
3.  Click Tools>Selenium Recorder
4.  Make sure Enable Recording is checked  in the Selenium Recorder window
5.  Go to google.com
6.  Type in a string in the textbox, click Google Search
7.  Now hit Playback in Selenium Recorder window
8.  It will replay the steps if you hit Execute Tests>All in the top right frame
9.  If I do this with Selenium normally outside Firefox on my machine, it is prevented from running JavaScript on google.com
10.  You may wish to install Selenium itself, not the extension, from selenium.thoughtworks.com
Actual Results:  
Extensions are allowed to JavaScript sites, possibly even those which are secure

Expected Results:  
Extensions should not be able to steal passwords and send them to someone, or other security bypasses in Firefox.

Failed to script google in this case.