loaded firefox 1.5 today, after download lost hi light color in g-mail and google spellcheck and forum boards on internet.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5

After downloading latest version of FireFox several errors occurred in my usual internet functions. I use Firefox as my default browser on a 1.5 meg broad band DSL connection from Quest telephone. We use Google for our e-mail and top tool bar items such as spell check and bookmarks from mozzila. When we used to access my google e-mail several things were in color we still have some items in color but many others are now grey scale. For example when we click "compose mail", before new rev. firefox today if i clicked the letter a in the send to box a scroll down menu in blue would appear of the most frequently used addresses from my address book and i would pick one right click it and it would appear in the send to box. Now that drop down list is light grey not blue and melds in with the background black list of mail in my "in box" and is not readable.
  Also with the spell check feature if i wanted to spell check a posting i would make on a forum board on a website i used to get all the words google felt were mispelt high lighted in yellow--no more now they are just underlined in grey and the drop down choices are the same grey as the original letter making it unreadable.  Same story in my "Market Watch" sample stock portfolio. Used to be the current prices were flickering blue and now they are grey scale.  We still get photo and drawing work in these websites in full color.  We tried removing Mozilla from our PC and redownloading the whole thing no help.  Please do not force me to go back to inferior AOL.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.click little envelope on tool bar
2.click "compose mail"
3.with cursor in the "send to box hit the "a" key, list of frequently used e-mail addresses will drop down. Should be blue they are grey and not readable against background.

Actual Results:  
frequently used e-mail address drop down in grey scale

Expected Results:  
Frequently used e-mail addresses drop down in blue

  I am using a Sony Vaio digital studio computer (PC), running windows XP Professional.  Series VGC-RA825GY, With all the bells and whistles, IT was state of the art in the PC market in March 2005.  Use 1.5 Meg broadband connection provided by the Quest telephone Co.
  By the way my wife downloaded the ver1.5 Firefox onto her HP PC and had no problem.