3 situations when FF lopps into 100% CPU load
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1) Gecko/20061010 Firefox/2.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1) Gecko/20061010 Firefox/2.0

a) use Schwabs StreetSmart.com Java application. The timeout alert (it's all Java) is a little Window that puts Firefox in 100% CPU consumption. If the alert is not at the top (it typically isn't) it is very hard to find. The window can only be viewed by minimizing everyhting else, which is extremely slow since Firefox has CPU hostage.

b) View a PDF and have one of those pesky Adobe update notifications come up (typically always since Adobe loves us so much) For example install Adobe professional 7 and you will get it every time. This little Window shows up below all other Windows and can only be found by minimizing everything. The only clue is that you viwed an in-browser pdf, and the CPU then got extremely slow.

c) Use a laptop on a WPA link where the DHCP server is on the other side of the link. Go to standby. Resume after the DHCP timeout has expired. Windows goes crazy, because it does not have any IP, and the DHCP is on the other end of WPA which itr does not understand how to reinvigorate. However, FF starts eating ALL CPU so get the Task manager takes about a minute. The only way out of this state is to kill firefox from Task Manager. FF does not for at leats 30 minutes release any CPU.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
a)
1. log into schwab.com, click fat orange StreetSmart PRO button shown front and center
2. Wait for 1 hour or whatever your timeout happens to be

b)
1. Install for example Adobe Acrobat professional 7
2. Surf to a web site with a pdf
3. click the pdf url

c)
1. Browse to some websites in tabs in firefox
2. close the lid of your domain-belonging notebook so it goes into standby
3. Wait longer than your dhcp timeout, mine is one hour
4. try resume. It can take 30 minutes to log in.



Firefox should not consume all available CPU

If there are pesky alert windows, Firefox should ensure that they show on top upfront and not behind all other WIndows (firefox and other applications)