Visited sites are lost form history when I change system clock BEFORE date of visit.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; pl; rv:1.8.1) Gecko/20061010 Firefox/2.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; pl; rv:1.8.1) Gecko/20061010 Firefox/2.0

I need from time to time for testing purposes etc change system clock date foreward and/or backward. Meanwhile I visit site. Example: system day is 15, I visit X site, change system day to 4. When I open FF real next day, so system day  is 5, then sites visited on 15 of system day is lost - it disappear form history.  It seems this happens when FF is closed fully and open at "earlier system day". Probably FF don't accept in histry sites visited "in future" ;) My suggestion: Let  FF to hold in history sites visited "in futre" either sorted by date (date by sysytem clock at moment of visit) or sorted in order of visits (mean a cue: siteA, then Site X, etc.). Maybe add befor cat. "visited today" cat. "visited in virtual future" or just ctalogues with dates. Whatever, but when visited sites are lost it is worse option then any other.    

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.system day is eg. 15 of month, I visit X site,
2.change system day to 4.
3.When I open FF next day of real time, so system day  is 5, then sites visited on 15 of system day is lost - it disappear form history. 
Probably close of sesion in necessery to notice that. I don't know at which moment it happens :(. 
Actual Results:  
sites visited in "future time" are lost form history. Those which I have bookmarked, when they were visible in history, sems to be ok in bookmarks - note, this not a problem!. 

Expected Results:  
ALL visited sites,( no matter with system time was during visit), should be visible in history. Sorted either with (system) dates of visit or in the order of visit (X before Z, Z before Ysite, etc) - without looking at what system date of visit has been registered. 

erease from history sites visited when system time was set to future (day 15) date than date set as today actualy (day 4).