firefox blocks pop-ups. there is only one manner to allow these pop ups: restart firefox.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; es-ES; rv:1.8.1.6) Gecko/20070725 Firefox/2.0.0.6
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; es-ES; rv:1.8.1.6) Gecko/20070725 Firefox/2.0.0.6

Firefox blocks pop-ups in this web: http://www.imvu.com/catalog/web_hpth.php? 
at first not, i can open new pages, and everything is OK. but after a few minutes firefox starts blocking! i have included the page into the list of allowed webs, but firefox still blocking.
i have tried to disable the blocker, but the problem continue.

i have found one solution, i close firefox. then i reopen firefox, go to the page, and now there is no problem! but after a few minutes firefox starts blocking again.

i know this problem isn´t very important, but its very annoying.

thank you very much, and sorry for my english, im from spain and im 17... sorry.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. i open the page, everything is OK, i can open new pages and firefox don´t block.
2. after a few minutes surfing on that page, firefox starts blocking.
3. i restart firefox
4. now the problem has gone
5. after a few minutes the problem appears again, and firefox starts blocking pages which i want to open.
Actual Results:  
when the problem appears i restart firefox, and after a few minutes i restart firefox cause the problem is still there.

Expected Results:  
firefox shouldn't block these pages, cause its me who open these pages from here: http://www.imvu.com/catalog/web_hpth.php? 

anyways, if the page is included in the allowed pages list of the blocker, firefox shouldn't block them.

Im using macfoxII graphite as theme
im not using other pop-ups blockers (and when the problem starts, firefox tell me that it has blocked a pop-up with a message at the top of the page)
i think this problem dindt appear with other versions.

thank you very much, and congratulations cause firefox is the best web browser!!!