Inconsistent Behavior Among Bookmarks Menu, Bookmarks Toolbar and Smart Bookmarks
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.5; en-US; rv:1.9b2) Gecko/2007121014 Firefox/3.0b2
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.5; en-US; rv:1.9b2) Gecko/2007121014 Firefox/3.0b2

In the "Places Organizer", you can do unexpected things with the "Smart Bookmarks" folder.  However, maybe they should be expected since the "Smart Bookmarks", "Bookmarks Toolbar" and "Bookmarks Menu" icons are all the same as regular folders.  Restrictions on "Bookmarks Toolbar" and "Bookmarks Menu", although probably correct, are not announced by visual or audible cues.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.  Delete ~/Application Support/Firefox, to start a new profile.
2.  Launch Firefox 3
3.  Click menu > Bookmarks > Show All Bookmarks
4.  In "Places Organizer", edit items as explained in "Additional Information".
Actual Results:  
Not sure what is expected, but behaviors are inconsistent.  See "Additional Information".

Expected Results:  
Not sure what is expected, but behaviors are inconsistent.  See "Additional Information".

1.  The "Smart Bookmarks", "Bookmarks Toolbar" and "Bookmarks Menu" icons are all the same as regular editable blue folders which were added by the user.

2.  In the "Places Organizer", I am not able to delete the Bookmarks Toolbar or Bookmarks Menu, but, even though it looks the same, I am able to delete the Smart Bookmarks Folder.

3.  After deleting the Smart Bookmarks folder, I suppose that, after I quit Firefox and lose Undo, I can no longer restore the Smart Bookmarks that were in it.  Probably the only way to restore these is to backup and delete the places.sqlite file.  That's not nice.

4.  When I attempt unsuccessfully to delete the Bookmarks Toolbar or Bookmarks Menu, I do not get any alert sound.  It seems that there should be a beep alert sound, such as NSBeep().

5.  I am able to add or move regular non-smart bookmarks into the Smart Bookmarks folder.