Firefox crashes on restart after installation of Google Gears ext. after recent Firefox update, Gears appears to be installed but does not work.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8.1.12) Gecko/20080201 Firefox/2.0.0.12
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8.1.12) Gecko/20080201 Firefox/2.0.0.12

After recent update of FireFox and of Gears and other extensions, Google Gears has caesed to function and FF crashes when i reinstall it.  
I un-installed Gears and ALL other extensions, deleted prefs and Cache files, deleted FF, and re-installed new FF 2.0.0.12, installed Google Gears and clicked on restart.  FF crashes on the restart but will start at second attempt, Gears show in AddOns window and in Tools Menu but when I log in to Reader online the  Reader does not 'know' Gears is installed and the Gears offline function work.  

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.log in to Google Reader. Gears offline functionality missing:  Blue (offline) or Green(online) button in upper right menu.
2.Click on 'offline' in upper right menu, Google asks if I want to download Gears wish allows offline reading - click on yes, new window opens containing Gears download, click to install, installation complete, click on 'restart'.
3.Firefox crashes on restart, generating Crash Report - Report says the gears extension is the issue, same issue every time (5).  Crash Report in Actual Results.  Again: Gears was functioning until recent updates. 
Actual Results:  
After installing Gears extensions, FF crashes on restart (see Crash Report below) and Gears extensions does not work thought it appears to be installed.

Crash report

Date/Time:      2008-02-14 00:43:20 -0500
OS Version:     10.3.9 (Build 7W98)
Report Version: 2

Command: firefox-bin
Path:    /Applications/Firefox.app/Contents/MacOS/firefox-bin
Version: 2.0.0.12 (2.0.0.12)
PID:     435
Thread:  Unknown

Link (dyld) error:

dyld: /Applications/Firefox.app/Contents/MacOS/firefox-bin Undefined symbols:
/Users/lizzeymac/Library/Application Support/Firefox/Profiles/mkao76e1.default/extensions/{000a9d1c-beef-4f90-9363-039d445309b8}/components/libgears.dylib undefined reference to ___cxa_atexit expected to be defined in /usr/lib/libSystem.B.dylib


Expected Results:  
After installing Gears extension, FF should restart, go to my Google Reader page (with 'offline' not Blue/offline or Green/online button in upper right menu), a window should open asking if Google Gears should function on/allow this page, I click yes, then the 'offline' disappears and the blue/green button appears. With Gears installed I should be able to log in to Reader, refresh the RSS feeds, click the Green button to cache the RSS feeds and go 'offline' to read the feeds  without an internet connection. 

I have reproduced this at least 5 times.
I don't use themes, this happens after all other extensions have been completely removed and with all the same extensions that have been used for months. 
I have deleted all FF and mozilla files and caches, restarted, fixed permissions, logged in as a different user on my Mac, I installed an earlier FF 2.0.0.2 and deleted same after it crashed in exactly the same way, installed the newest ff2.0.0.12 from a freshly downloaded dmg and
the exact same thing happen.
I have searched Gears help and there isn't anything there.  There is something seemingly similar in the  Google Gears Discussions about a month ago but no  one offered any suggestions and no Reader Guide responded.

Any help would be greatly appreciated, I hope I have provided the correct information.  
I appreciate that this is not  a major issue for many FF users but it is extremely frustrating for me personally, but more importantly  I have set up Gears on the computers at the  community center where I volunteer and on a few clients computers. The clients use it to read RSS feeds for the newspapers from their countries of origin, to practice reading English, and to study current events.  Gears allows people who do not have cable/broadband free access to as many RSS feeds as they like without tying up their phone with dial-up service, and it works on older computers.  These computers (virtually the same set up as the one listed here) are all having the same problem.
Thanks.
Lis