Firefox freezes system, strange error, and it appears corrupted files
User-Agent:       Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 6.0; Windows NT 5.1; Avant Browser; Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 6.0; Windows NT 5.1; SV1) ; .NET CLR 1.1.4322; .NET CLR 2.0.50727)
Build Identifier: Firefox 3 RC1 Windows

Here's something that Mozilla Firefox 3 (aka FF3) programmers, program designers and end-users should be on the lookout for. It could be a bug in FF3, or perhaps a system conflict possibility, perhaps both.
 
In non-time consuming format, here's what happened on three different systems, not all at the same time, though, but the same basic thing happened in the last weeks of using FF3 RC1 on Win XP, Win Vista and Mac OS/X. The Windows is what I use most, so I will relate it:
 
FF3 is open to maybe four or five tabs on otherwise working web sites or pages.
 
All of a sudden, there's a long beep, and the browser, mouse, keyboard and entire system freezes. Regardless, it's expressed in a different way, but it happened once so far in Win XP, Win Vista and Mac OS/X.
 
But what's "worse" is this:
 
The systems all had to be turned off or reset and rebooted. That's how "locked-up" the systems were. Yes, one all three, FF3 RC1 was running and had the system's focus as well.
  
What's even "worse" is what came next, on the Win XP system:
   
When I rebooted, the system came back with THE dreaded "DISK SYSTEM FAILURE HIT  RETURN ... " and so on.
    
I turned the system off, dejected, and waited a while, then turned it back on, same problem. Turned it off a second time, waited longer, and like magic, everything re-booted, no more "DISK SYSTEM FAILURE..." message, and trusty XP is working normally again.
     
But what's even  "worse":
     
When I went again to run FF3 RC1, it refuses to launch. Win XP, Win Vista and Mac OS/X all have the same problem!
      
At one point, XP popped up a note that said the xxxx/xxxx/Mozilla/Firefox 
directory or a file in it was corrupted.
       
Well, that's where it all lies. I re-installed FF3 RC1 without first de-installing it, as I don't want to have to de-install and HAVE to choose the option to delete all the FF3 RC1 user settings and all those "automatic settings" that I had already set in using FF3 Beta 5 and now FF3 RC1 in the last few weeks!

Answers that Mozilla programmers or testers and user need to ask and have, hopefully, answered:
       
But what to do?
       
What directory is that last pop-up error message talking about again?
       
What happened to likely corrupt the very FF3 user and/or settings files that I can't afford to have corrupted ?
       
Are these files "fixable" or savable ?

How did the same basic failure mode occur in Win Xp, Win Vista and Mac OS/X, albeit at far different times, and with different web sites or pages loaded in ?

How or why would Mozilla FF3 "allow" such critical directory or files to be corrupted ?
        
A final observation:

And last but not least, with these files corrupted, the now older FF2 installation that's in a totally other directory mind you, well, FF2 won't launch either.  The corrupted files or directory appears to be the same ones accessed by both FF2 and FF3.
         
What a downer, for sure.

But verily I say, that until this digital-disaster is solved, corrected or at least known inside and and out....sorry, but FF3 RC1 needs an RC2 or more until it is.

Joe Rotello
info@windowgroup.com
Skype:  josephrot

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1.
2.
3.



So far, has happened "out of the blue" on three different PC/Mac systems, three different operating systems, Win XP, Win Vista, and Mac OS/X (!)