Firefox only supports certificates from about twenty oligopoly vendors, pushes "extended validation" certificates instead of user security
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008060909 Iceweasel/3.0 (Debian-3.0~rc2-1)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008060909 Iceweasel/3.0 (Debian-3.0~rc2-1)

The new version of Firefox handles SSL certificates in a way that promotes monopoly certificate authorities and "extended validation" certificates. Contrary to older versions, yellow bar signalising encrypted connection is gone. It has been replaced by three options:

1) Green bar with "extended validation" (also significantly extended price and impossible to obtain for small business / non-profit organisations) certificates (produced by about twenty "oligopoly" vendors).

2) Slightly shaded favicon (almost invisible) for certificates without extended validation (or from "normal" certificate authorities, e.g. local university, local governmental CA,...) you already approved.

3) Error page, quite similar to "Server unreachable" (and mistakenly interchangeable), is presented to the user if the certificate is self-signed or signed by a CA not present in the browser. There is a small link to add an "exception", which several steps to get to the site.

This clearly lowers security for the user, because very few sites use certificates with extended validation, and many more sites use self-signed certificates (that still prevent eavesdropping). However, with new Firefox behaviour, it is right now preferable to use no encryption (SSL) at all, because it does not present user with security warning (although everything is sent insecurely in plain text).

Also, there is no way to establish whether any of the approved certificate authorities are really that secure (or whether the user should rather believe a a self-signed certificate produced by his local university or certificate verified by e.g. Starfield Technologies), yet Firefox forces "normal" users to accept only certificates from companies who (probably) very much support Mozilla foundation.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Visit https://www.cacert.org
Actual Results:  
I was presented with an error screen, I believed the server is unreachable (familiar yellow triangle - or square).

Expected Results:  
Dialogue saying that the certificate is signed by an untrusted CA, but the connection itself is secure from eavesdropping.