New tab switcher is vomit-inducing
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.2; en-US; rv:1.9.1a1pre) Gecko/2008071803 Minefield/3.1a1pre
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.2; en-US; rv:1.9.1a1pre) Gecko/2008071803 Minefield/3.1a1pre

The tab switcher, I believe introduced in the 2008-07-17 nightly build, is revolting.

For anyone who hasn't seen it, it resembles the eye-candy window switcher of Compiz and probably Windows Vista, whereby the contents of windows (and in this case, tabs) are displayed as thumbnails in a screen-centred box.

In the Firefox nightly build this has been implemented when using Ctrl-Tab and Ctrl-Shift-Tab when switching between tabs.  (This is an implementation in Firefox, and not the activity of the OS's window manager).

Holding Ctrl whilst pressing Tab no longer switches tabs immediately.  Instead, the new tab switcher pops up, and the tab only switches when the Ctrl key is released.

1. The thumbnails are small and so the text of pages is not readable until the user releases Ctrl to cause a switch.  Previously, Ctrl-Tab or Ctrl-Shift-Tab would switch the tab immediately, and thus the user would see each page at full size.  If a user is looking for specific text within a tab, it is necessary to release Ctrl after each tab switch to be able to see the text they are looking for;  this makes the tab switcher redundant, and in fact a hindrance, in this case.

2. Similarly, the URL of the pages loaded in the tabs, is not shown by the tab switcher.  Likewise, when trying to switch to a tab in search of a page at a specific URL, it is necessary to release Alt after each tab switch, making the tab switcher redundant, and a hindrance, in this case.

3. It appears to use an MRU (most recently used) algorithm, instead of tabbing in the order shown in the tab bar;  this defies the expected GUI behaviour at least in Windows XP and earlier, and KDE and GNOME on Linux.

4. Additionally when opening multiple new tabs (such as by middle-clicking on a link) one would previously have been able to use Ctrl-Tab to move to the new ('next') tab.  With the currently implemented MRU algorithm it is now necessary to use Ctrl-Shift-Tab instead to do this;  a complete reversal of the previous (and logical) behaviour.

5. Previously one could look at the tab bar whilst switching and immediately know how exactly many times to tab in either direction to reach the page they wish to find.  If it became arduous to tab between pages which were frequently referred to, the user could adjust the tab order to their convenience by dragging the tabs.  That useful feature is now made useless with the new tab switcher's MRU algorithm which ignores the positioning.

6. With respect to problem 5 above, the new window switcher can only display three tabs at a time.  The tab bar was much more efficient in that it could display 10 or more tabs depending on screen resolution.

7. It is slow to display, taking some time to render the thumbnails.  Previously tab switching occurred at a reasonable speed, even though it required that pages were rendered at their full size when switching.

8. It uses a Web 2.0 shiny floor effect.  The travesty of this should not require a full explanation;  I do however suggest that it may be a contribute toward problem 6 above.

9. The tab switcher fails to appear in the middle of the screen on my dual-monitor setup.  With Firefox maximised in the right-hand display, the tab switcher appears at the far left of that display instead of in the centre of it.  Additionally this differs from the standard GUI behaviour of Windows XP, in which the Alt-Tab window switcher is always displayed on the primary display regardless of current window focus and positioning.

10. As of 2008-07-18 there appears to be no way to disable the new, dismal failure of tab switcher in the Options dialog.

If this feature isn't promptly ripped out of the nightly builds, or if it should find its way into a release build, I would be appalled to the extent that I may feel it necessary to lead an exodus to another browser.


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
0. Do not eat a heavy meal for at least 4 hours prior to testing
1. Install Firefox nightly build (Minefield) of 2008-07-18
2. Open multiple tabs
3. Press Ctrl-Tab and/or Ctrl-Shift-Tab
Actual Results:  
(refer to Details section)

Expected Results:  
Immediate, logical, sleek -- enjoyable -- switching of tabs