Back/Forward toolbar non-icon display is confusing and ugly
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X 10.4; en-US; rv:1.9.0.1) Gecko/2008070206 Firefox/3.0.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X 10.4; en-US; rv:1.9.0.1) Gecko/2008070206 Firefox/3.0.1

The combined and space-wasting "Back Forward" toolbar element combines all
the features of wasting space, being confusing, and being ugly, at least
for Firefox 3.0.1 MacOS 10.4.11 when the toolbar is customized to be
displayed as "Text" (as used by all right-thinking humans) or even "Icons and Text"

It was completely unclear to me even after many weeks of using FF3 that this was supposed to be one toolbar button -- there is a huge amount of space between the text "Back" and "Forward", and between the text "Forward" and the little pull-down-triangle-thingy.

In fact, the pull-down-triangle-thingy floats in space halfway between "Forward" and the next toolbar button ("Reload" in my case) with little
indication that it is associated with the item to its left ("Forward"),
and no indication whatsoever that it is in any way associated with "Back".

I was about to file a bug report that pull-down-triangle-thingy was absent from
the "Back" button altogether, until some poking around via
http://mxr.mozilla.org/firefox/search?string=Browser%3AForward&tree=firefox
showed me what my eyes as a user could not understand, namely that
there is only one "Back/Forward" button, despite appearances.

The situation is nearly as bad in the "Text and Icon" case -- again, the
pull-down-triangle-thingy appears detached from its owner, and there is
no indication that Back and Forward are really one single button rather
than two buttons with different functions.

Solutions?

Fix whatever it is that is distributing too much whitespace when a button
label text includes spaces.

Rename "Back Forward" (or whatever it is in the source, I didn't get far
enough in the twisted UI passages to work this out) "Back&Forward" or similar.

Fix whatever it is that is distributing too much whitespace between a labelled
button and its pull-down-triangle-thingy.


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. FF 3.0.1 on MacOS (10.4.11)
2. Click-right "Customize..." on the navigation toolbar
3. Select either "Show: Text" (the choice of all right-thinking individuals) or "Show: Icons and Text" from the "Show:" pull-down menu.
4. Experience GUI dissonance
Actual Results:  
Lots of confusing and unwanted whitespace between "Back" and "Forward" and between "Forward" and pull-down-triangle-thingy

Expected Results:  
Back, Forward and pull-down-triangle-thingy should be clearly and obviously grouped as a single button entity, and clearly separated from surrounding buttons.


I looked hard for duplicate reports, honestly!