On-screen keyboard SHIFT and CAPSLOCK key malfunction when typing into Firefox 3
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.1) Gecko/2008070208 Firefox/3.0.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.1) Gecko/2008070208 Firefox/3.0.1

When using the on-screen keyboard with Firefox 3, SHIFT and CAPSLOCK malfunction. When clicking SHIFT, this key doesn't highlight nor show capitals/symbols on the on-screen keyboard, but it does activate them. Capitals and symbols remain enabled even after pressing SHIFT again and without any visual indication (SHIFT doesn't highlight and capitals/symbols aren't shown). After this has happened, the only way to type lower-case letters is to restart the on-screen keyboard, otherwise the problem remains even after switching from Firefox to other Windows applications.

Similarly, when clicking CAPSLOCK on the on-screen keyboard, this key doesn't remain highlighted nor capitals are shown on the on-screen keyboard although capitals are enabled. Contrary to what happens with SHIFT, pressing CAPSLOCK again re-enables lower-case typing.

This problem seems to have started after a Firefox freeze + crash while the on-screen keyboard was running.

On-screen keyboard works normally with other Windows applications


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
For SHIFT:

1. Start the On-Screen Keyboard in Windows XP2 / XP3.
2. Start Firefox 3.
3. Press SHIFT while typing anything into the address bar/search bar/any web form using the On-Screen Keyboard. (Example: type "Firefox" on the searchbar.)
4. Notice that SHIFT doesn't highlight on the on-screen keyboard. Notice that capitals don't show on the on-screen keyboard but they remain enabled even after clicking SHIFT again.

For CAPSLOCK:

1. Start the On-Screen Keyboard in Windows XP2 / XP3.
2. Start Firefox 3.
3. Press CAPSLOCK while typing anything into the address bar/search bar/any web form using the On-Screen Keyboard. (Example: type "NASA" on the searchbar.)
4. Notice that CAPSLOCK doesn't highlight on the on-screen-keyboard. Notice that capitals don't show on the on-screen keyboard but they are enabled until CAPSLOCK is clicked again.
Actual Results:  
SHIFT and CAPSLOCK keys malfunction on the on-screen keyboard when typing into Firefox 3. Capitals remain enabled. On-screen keyboard keys don't highlight/change.

Expected Results:  
SHIFT and CAPSLOCK keys should behave normally on the on-screen keyboard when typing into Firefox 3. 

Theme: Default.

This problem seems to have started after a Firefox freeze + crash while the on-screen keyboard was running. On-screen keyboard was working fine with Firefox until then.

Trying to restore osk.exe with SFC /SCANNOW didn't solve the problem. Restoring the system with a backup copy didn't work either. 

Workaround: Use CAPSLOCK to type single capital letters.