Compatibility problems with Apple MobileMe (formerly dot Mac) hosting web site.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.5; en-US; rv:1.9.0.3) Gecko/2008092414 Firefox/3.0.3
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.5; en-US; rv:1.9.0.3) Gecko/2008092414 Firefox/3.0.3

(I have also reported hte first of the two problems to Apple as a bug.)

My personal web site is located on my MobileMe iDisk.  Previously I have uploaded to the site using the OS X Finder, which is unbearably slow, so this time I uploaded two new pages using the MobileMe web site.  I also had to update the home page to link to them, and uploaded it through the web site.

PROBLEM 1

All of this worked perfectly when tested as files on a local drive.  From the web site, however, the home page would not load into Firefox.  Firefox identified it as a Hypertext page, but presented me with a pane asking what I wanted to open it with.  When I told it "Firefox", OS X presented me with a warning that this was an executable downloaded from the Internet.

Oddly, the home page opened with no problem in Safari and Opera.  I fired up a different iMac and again Safari handled the page but Firefox did not.

I re-uploaded the home page using the Finder and Firefox no longer had a problem loading that page.  So if you test, you should not find a problem with the home page.

PROBLEM 2

Going on to the two new pages (URL above plus 2008_7-11b), clicking on a thumbnail should load the full-size picture into the same tab in the browser, replacing the page.  Instead, Firefox downloads the jpeg and opens it in Preview.  Safari and Opera do not do this; they open the jpeg in the browser as expected.

If you look at some of the other pages in my web site you will see that all behave as expected in Firefox except for the two new pages that were uploaded through MobileMe (and Firefox, I should add).

Re-uploading the two .html files did not correct the problem.

There appears to be some strange interaction between Firefox and MobileMe that does not affect Safari or Opera.





Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open the indicated URP or its sibling.
2. Click on any thumbnail
3.
Actual Results:  
Full size jpeg is downloaded.

Expected Results:  
Jpeg should open in the browser.


The pages were constructed using KompoZer.