localstore.rdf or sessionstore.js corrupt and unreadable. Please run the chkdsk utility
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1b2pre) Gecko/20081117 Minefield/3.1b2pre
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1b2pre) Gecko/20081117 Minefield/3.1b2pre

Something funny is going on here, because it looks like a hardware or driver problem, but only mozilla applications have been affected, and that, to me, looks fishy.  My disk has passed numerous low level diagnostics, and no files outside a firefox or thunderbird profile directory have had any "chkdsk" error messages, ever.  I even started over with a new profile, after moving my old profile to a non-standard (unfindable by firefox or thunderbird) location.

This error message pops up in the windows system tray.  No side effects have ever been observed by me.  The localstore.rdf and sessionstore.js files have been consistently readable by me.

"localstore.rdf" is by far the most common error message, and both the minefield and thunderbird profile directories have come up with the error message.

Both release and alpha versions (firefox and minefield) have exhibited this error, and it's only happened with versions 3.x.  I never reported it before because I thought it was a hardware or driver problem.  It may still be, of course, but I have become suspicious of firefox.  Thunderbird's localstore.rdf never did it to me before today, but it's so inconsistent and rare that it's hard to say that it's a new problem with thunderbird.


Reproducible: Couldn't Reproduce

Steps to Reproduce:
1.  Use firefox or thunderbird for several weeks
2.  maybe you'll be asked to run a chkdsk
3.  maybe chkdsk will say it did some trivial fix, but usually it won't find anything wrong.




I think I will try switching to my backup disk this weekend, and see if this ever happens again.

I'm interested to know if someone can think of a reason that these files would be "special" in some way that causes errors in other software or hardware components to manifest.

I may have forgotten one other file from the mozilla program directory that has appeared in the same error message.  I'll update the bug if it happens again.

Other programs I can think of that could be accessing these files are Avast! anti-virus and google desktop search.  Windows XP content indexing is turned off.