Windows Parental Control web filtering blocking all pages
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.0.11) Gecko/2009060215 Firefox/3.0.11 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.0.11) Gecko/2009060215 Firefox/3.0.11 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

Ever since Firefox was upgraded to 3.0.11, all web pages are blocked by Windows Parental Control on Windows accounts that have web filtering enabled.  I tried a custom filter that did NOT have "block unrateable content" checked, and it still blocked it, indicating that the content rating for the page could not be accessed.  The only way the pages are not blocked is if the Windows Parental Control web filter is set to "none"-- no filtering at all.

When it blocks a page, and you click on the link asking for Administrator permission, a dialog pops up indicating that Windows needs to know what application to use to open the link.  wpcer.exe  (Windows Parental Control Exemption Requester) does not work as a choice, and neither does Firefox.

I'll attempt to attach a screen shot.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.  Enable Windows Parental Control on a Windows sub account.
2.  Enable web filtering for that account-- any setting other than "none" will reproduce the problem.
3.  Log in to that account and open Firefox.  All pages will be blocked.
Actual Results:  
All web pages are blocked, and replaced with a page indicating that the content ratings could not be accessed and that administrator approval is needed to open the page (a refresh will be required).  If you click on the link to gain approval, you get a dialog indicating that Windows needs to know what application to open the link with.

Expected Results:  
1.  The software should be able to access the ratings and show the pages according to the settings in Windows Parental Control.
2.  The software should allow unrated content if the "unrateable content" choice in the WPC custom filter option is unchecked.
3.  The software should correctly obtain permission when the link to gain administrator permission is clicked.

Default theme.