Leaving "Site Preferences" checked in history clearing options wipes out FireFox protection in SpywareBlaster, Spybot Search & Destroy, others?
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1) Gecko/20090624 Firefox/3.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1) Gecko/20090624 Firefox/3.5

Leaving "Site Preferences" checkbox checked in either of these places:  

1) Tools | Options... | Privacy | Settings...
2) Tools | Clear Recent History...

results in the Firefox immunization protection offered by Spybot Search & Destroy 1.6.2 (cookies, images, installations, and popups) and SpywareBlaster 4.2 (ad/tracking cookies) being wiped out.  In the case of 1) above, the problem occurs simply by opening the browser.  In the case of 2) above the problem occurs when choosing to clear recent history (Ctrl+Shift+Del).  Unchecking the "Site Preferences" checkbox in the places listed above resolves these issues -- but at the expense of me having to accept the possibility of site preference data being preserved.

Before you tell me to check with the developers of these products, consider that this problem did NOT exist until the installation of Firefox 3.5.  Both of the products mentioned are the latest versions with the latest definition files applied, and both were in place (at the same versions) and functioning perfectly with the version of Firefox (3.0.11) I had in place prior to upgrading to FF 3.5.  In fact, both products worked fine with all versions of Firefox prior to 3.5!  The problem started immediately upon upgrading to Firefox 3.5.  The result is a potential compromise to Firefox security.


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Verify that all Firefox immunization/protection offered by Spybot Search & Destroy 1.6.2 and SpywareBlaster 4.2 is in effect; close these programs.
2. Open Firefox 3.5
3. Verify that the "Site Preferences" checkbox is checked in Tools | Options... | Privacy | Settings... (if not, check it and restart Firefox).
4. Close Firefox.
5. Repeat Step 1, which will show that all previously enabled Firefox protection is now disabled.

OR

1. Verify that all Firefox immunization/protection offered by Spybot Search & Destroy 1.6.2 and SpywareBlaster 4.2 is in effect; close these programs.
2. Open Firefox 3.5
3. Either select Tools | Clear Recent History... OR press Ctrl+Shift+Del
4. Verify that the "Site Preferences" checkbox is checked (if not, check it).
5. Click the "Clear Now" command button.
6. Repeat Step 1, which will show that all previously enabled Firefox protection is now disabled.

Actual Results:  
In both methods described above, the result is that the previously enabled Firefox protection offered by those products is then disabled.

Expected Results:  
The previously enabled Firefox protection offered by those products should remain enabled.

I am using the default theme.