Since the install of Firefox 3.5 Copernic Desktop Search stalls on indexing of Firefox Bookmarks and causes the CPU to stay on 100% even when Firefox is closed.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1) Gecko/20090624 Firefox/3.5 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1) Gecko/20090624 Firefox/3.5 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

I have Copernic Desktop Search installed, using the free version and latest update. After the Install of the latest Firefox I noticed that my CPU was running on 100%. Then Firefox would remain running utilizing 90% CPU even if closed. I would have to open Process Explorer and use the Kill Function to kill Firefox even though it nominally was not running.

Copernic would lockup on indexing of the Firefox Bookmarks. 

If I close Copernic Desktop search then Firefox seems to run normally. 

When I was first noticing the problem there were some instances where tabs would not refresh or not open. But that seems to be solved when closing Copernic.

Copernic is supposed to run in the background and it useless if it has to be closed all the time and will not update. 

Perhaps this is more of a Copernic problem than a Firefox problem but we have to start somewhere.


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Have Copernic Desktop and Firefox running at the same time
2.Copernic automaticlly updates the index
3.From that time on CPU usage is 90 - 100 % even if Firefox is closes. Computer slows to a crawl.
Actual Results:  
Copenic Desktop Search stops on the Indexing of Firefox Bookmarks. Then the computer slows and remains slow until Copernic is closed. Even then Firefox will not run well. With Process explorer running I can determine that Firefox is using 80 % CPU. After closing the Firefox interface the Process explorer tells me that Firefox is using 80 - 100 % CPU until I then kill the process with the Kill Function. Then the Computer returns to normal. After that If I start Firefox without Copernic Desktop Search it seems to run normally.


The FireFox seems to run normally except when the Copernic Desktop Search which should run continally is also running. The two used to run capatably before the Update to Firefox 3.5 but now they do not. I will report this to Copernic Desktop also.