OSCP / SSL certificate validation errors
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.8) Gecko/2009032609 Firefox/3.0.8 FBSMTWB
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.8) Gecko/2009032609 Firefox/3.0.8 FBSMTWB

HTTPS connection to plesk managed hostingcontrol panel causes the error:
Secure Connection Failed

      

      
      
      

      
        
        

          

An error occurred during a connection to www.sinful-flesh.com:8443.

Peer's Certificate has been revoked.

(Error code: sec_error_revoked_certificate)

        


        
        


    *   The page you are trying to view can not be shown because the authenticity of the received data could not be verified.

    *   Please contact the web site owners to inform them of this problem. Alternatively, use the command found in the help menu to report this broken site.

Problem is PERSISTANT. Problem spans multiple machines
[WinXP, Vista, Win7 CentOS 5.4]


Steps taken to resolve the issue:

1) Deleted all cerficates from server
2) created CSR and private key
3) created certificate from CSR @ Cacert.org
4a) added Cacert root certificate to CA section of plesk
4b) added certificate generated from my CSR by CaCert.org

5) Tested https: Result -- Failure -- (Error code: sec_error_revoked_certificate)

6) removed all CaCert.org certificates from firefox, re-installed them from thier site pem's

7) tested https: Result -- Failure -- (Error code: sec_error_revoked_certificate)

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
IE Has similar problem, but is relegated to untrusted CA, but allows the user to continue forward to the website. Firefox however does NOT allow the user to continue to the website.

Conclusion:

With valid, non-revoked SSL certificates installed properly on the server, and proper CaCert root certificates installed in firefox. I can only assume that Firefox is doing one of the following things:

A) Flagging CaCert certificates as revoked automatically
B) Trying to connect to ocsp.cacert.org and not being able to thus revoking the certificate locally
C) Confusing expired / revoked certificates with renewed, new, valid certificates

Or, CaCert has inadvertently added valid certs to their OSCP responder, or creating invalid responses wich firefox is interpreting as revoked certificates

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Re-create server certificate using CaCert.org as CA
2.attempt to access HTTPS site
3.
Actual Results:  
Issue still prevalent

Expected Results:  
Successful request to accept / review certificate in question or availability for client to proceed to site ignoring security concern

This is a fairly new issue. Latest update of firefox may have been the culprit, or perhaps issue with CaCert's OCSP responses.

I feel that SOMETHING is severely wrong. As clients may chose to disreguard / disable OCSP settings in the future to gain access to thier favorite sites again. This may not be a large issue to some, but to others such as myself, this issue could be detrimental to doing business, or securing user / user information digitally. 

The server has been fully functional for several years, this is a recent occurrence. No major changes have been done to the software / hardware for over 6 months, issue presented itself 1 week ago, and has continued.

HTTPS section of the site may not be accessable to clients outside of the LAN. This is a security precaution, and should not interfere with SSL communications.

Server software:
CentOS 5.4
Plesk 9.3.3

Server Hardware:
4x Intel P4 2.8ghz
4gb DDR memory
11.6TB storage space