Multiple Problems addressed
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.1.7) Gecko/20091221 Firefox/3.5.7 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.1.7) Gecko/20091221 Firefox/3.5.7 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

Hello, 
I am not a "Techie" just computer literate. I have multiple issues that began when I did the last update to Firefox. Let me first say if you have any problems understanding what I write feel free to contact me at mccandlesstrekkies1@yahoo.com or @hotmail.com
I tried multiple times to install and set up an acct. of Spark, but because the pop up windows don't always come into view and I have no idea what my Server address is I was not able to finish it. 
I am running Vista and have a satellite internet connection with no permanent carrier like Comcast or Timewarner to hook up to. Some call it piggybacking I guess. 
Problems: 1. When I click on an item that states: "Print or Enlarge" a new window or tab pops up but it is always blank. This was not a problem previously before the last update was downloaded and installed. Please help me fix this. 
2. The small icons that I had in my toolbar for me Fav's like my email sites, shopping, maps, etc. are no longer there. I have been through the "Toolbar" and there is no place to get them back or fix the issue. The choices for what now goes into the toolbar is very limited. 
3. Firefox seems to be crashing a lot since that last update as well. I know that this has probably already been reported, but if not, here it is. 
4. Here are some of my notes from the problems I have been having: "Since last update, when I click on "Enlarge" on pics, on websites, the pic does not come up, only the window? Or the “Print This Article” I have it set to open a new window so I can proceed, but the contents never appears in the new open window? In addition the small icons on the toolbar for my email and most visited sites have disappeared.  I have gone into the toolbar tab and there is no way to fix them, it seems that over ½ of the options for the toolbar are missing? I am confused about all these changes that occurred after the last update. Please help to correct. 
Thank you for helping me and all the others who are in need and very frustrated. 

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. For instance, open an email, 
2. Click on "Enlarge" to view larger picture of item.  
3. A new window will open
4. The window will be totally blank?
5. Try again or sometimes Firefox will crash. 

Actual Results:  
Windows are blank, just plain white, nothing, nada.....

Expected Results:  
 A new window open and print or pictures to be there to view or highlight and print.

Same as expected results, but doesn't open up anything with information required.