NEW Passwords not remembered when auto-start in private mode
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.1.7) Gecko/20091221 Firefox/3.5.7 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.1.7) Gecko/20091221 Firefox/3.5.7 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

Perhaps only needs to be documented; depends on designed/intended behavior.
Any, already saved password for a login webpage works fine, even if browser setting is later changed to "Automatically start Firefox in a private browsing session"; but Firefox can not remember any new passwords while in this "auto start in private session" mode. 
Work-around:
1- Disable setting "Automatically start Firefox in a private browsing session", 2- ... then login to request password be remmembered ...
3- Enable "Automatically start Firefox in a private browsing session"
The password would still be remembered.
It took me a while to figure this out. Is not documented.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Change setting to "Automatically start Firefox in a private browsing session";
2.Login (somewhere) with request to "remember" password. (It does not "remember" password) 
3.Switch OFF "auto start in private session" browsing.
4.Login and request to "remember" password. (It "remembers")
5.Switch back ON "auto start in private session" browsing.
6.Login (passwords is still "remembered".
Actual Results:  
If I want to browse with "Automatically start Firefox in a private browsing session" but, if I also want to have a password be "remembered", I have to first disable the "auto start in private session", then do the Login to request the password be remembered, then turned back ON the "auto start in private session"
The password is remembered.

Expected Results:  
Perhaps it works as it should but is not documented. It should be documented.
Perhaps the designer assumed that someone using "private mode" may not want to remember passwords (by accident) as if, possibly, in a public location. So the behavior and work around might be desirable.

I do use "Automatically start Firefox in a private browsing session" all the time at home and also want the browser to remember some passwords. I wish I didn't have to spend so much time searching your knowledgebase trying to figure out why "remembering" the password had "stopped working".
I consider this a "documentation bug", at the very least.