pop-ups of fake anti-virus (Trojan.FakeAV) allow viruses to take over my computer.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.3) Gecko/20100401 Firefox/3.5.3 MEGAUPLOAD 1.0 ;fdnet (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.3) Gecko/20100401 Firefox/3.5.3 MEGAUPLOAD 1.0 ;fdnet (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

When checking some of the links of this site I get pop-ups and pop-unders that are not stopped with Firefox even though I have pops disabled in my Firefox options. these pop ups contain viruses (Trojan.FakeAV) and backdoor Trojans. they are usually detected by Norton internet security ver 16.8.0.41
Recently I was checking the site on Firefox and one of these viruses some how got through Norton internet security, it was a fake anti-virus software. it immediately appeared in the windows system bar (bottom-right corner) a green shield like the windows yellow update shield. I could not access any exe file after that. If I try to access any program the fake antivirus would give me a message to say this file is infected. and divert me to a payment site to pay for the fake antivirus software. I had to restore my windows in safe mode to a previous date to get control back since restarting the computer did not help.
When using the internet explore 8 (standard settings) this problem seems to be resolved I do not get any pop-ups or pop-unders while viewing this site or any other site.
If you scan the site with Norton website security it says that site is clean, which I believe it is true, but the pop-ups contain the viruses and the backdoor Trojans, and I believe this is not the only site that opens such pop-ups. 
I love Firefox, that is why I decided to take the time to report this. This is a major security risk, and it is a shame to see internet explore resolve it first. Thank you


  

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1.look through the links on the website.
2.some pop-ups will be harmless, but others more dangerous.
3.
Actual Results:  
pop-ups and pop-unders appear containing viruses and backdoor trojans. 

Expected Results:  
pop-ups and pop-unders appear containing viruses and backdoor trojans. 

It should prevent (completely block) such pop-ups and pop-unders, and only allow useful ones that are from banks, that are used to pay only for example.