aero platform crashed
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.4) Gecko/20100413 Firefox/3.6.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.4) Gecko/20100413 Firefox/3.6.4

I have a plug-in called All-Glass-Firefox, works great, it makes firefox fully transparent, problem is that firefox 3.6.3 didn't had any problems with it, but 3.6.4 sometimes doesn't recognizes it, and instead of transparent firefox you get the same look like Vista without the Aero UI. And not to mention Adobe Flash Plug-in crashes a LOT with 3.6.4 , early versions had a few problems but 3.6.4 is horrible with Flash crashes :(.
And some of my plug-ins like BitDifender Anti Phishing Toolbar witch worked great with 3.6.3, doesn't work in 3.6.4. So, yah, there are a few bugs. 


Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open Youtube.
2. Type something that you know is gonna be a large file, wait fot it to load a bit, and click the play button, sometimes it freezes, Flash crashes and firefox needs to file a crash report :) 
Actual Results:  
Not always, but firefox crashed a few times because the Adobe Flash Plug-in :( 

Expected Results:  
Not crash :))

I see a lot of improvements since the last last (3.6.3) version, however there are a few bugs to workout with the new one. So guys, when should we expect Firefox 4, with tabs placed above the adress bar, fully transparent , with FTP built in and possibly with a download accelerator built in also, something like "Down them all" but without having to install it . And most off all, i'm sure everyone hates this part, how can we install all our favorite plug-ins easily without having to manually install them every time? Something like a service, that will remember my user name and password on your website, them save a list of my favorite plug-ins there, and the next time i install firefox again, just with a few click, I should have it all back, just like that !
There are a few plug-ins that pretty much do that, but it is complicated, because i have to install them first and them log in, and open another plug-in and .. bla, bla, bla .. to damn complicated, it should be simple.
You've already proven that Firefox is the best browser, now ... take us to the next level, please !!!