Major conflict with AdBlock addon and PeerBlock.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 7.0; Windows NT 6.0; GTB6.4; SLCC1; .NET CLR 2.0.50727; Media Center PC 5.0; .NET CLR 1.1.4322; .NET CLR 3.0.30618)
Build Identifier: 3.6.3

Sorry this is so long. I just downloaded FF 3.6.3 for Windows last night and added the NoScripts and Adblock addons while concurrently running Peerblock. Within a few minutes my entire system went haywire, more precisely a complete system failure. I/O, CMOS, IDEport2, ACPI, TCP/IP, everything went haywire. The mouse and the cursor became unusable, it was as though someone was mashing on buttons or clicking repeatedly. When I tried to open FF again it literally opened more than a hundred terminals. Right click completely failed because it immediately closed. I couldn't use any programs or type anything anywhere on my system. This behavior persisted even when I booted into BackTrack 4 and even under BIOS. The entire system literally became unusable. Then I wasn't able to even make it past the splash screen in most instances. During boot this was accompanied by constant beeps. I was able to gather some information, but not much before the complete insanity.  I did see in FF something about a corrupted module. Peerblock also generated an error report indicating I/O errors but because of the nature of this problem I wasn't able to really view or record either one. There were tons of ACPI and other errors in EventViewer under Windows while all this was occurring. More errors than I had ever seen before. Finally my system wouldn't even boot unless I left it alone for some time. I also noticed excessive heat. Finally Windows prompted me, after removing and reseating the RAM, to the repair console. It found zero errors, absolutely nothing, generating 0x0 errors for everything. but did indicate that it located the root source of the problem. When it started up both FF and Peerblock had been removed. Everything else was fine. I'm using the system now without a single problem. I've been using Peerblock for more than six mos. without any issues. FF runs beautifully under BackTrack 4. It seems to me this was a memory conflict of some nature that corrupted the CMOS or some other memory modules, but I'm not that savvy. I would like to continue using both these programs with Windows but if it's not possible; it's not possible. I'm not crazy and won't be installing and using both these programs together again. This was the most serious problem I've ever encountered, worse than any virus.  Also, let me assure you this was not a virus. Since I've gotten back on my system I've run three different AV engines. I am willing to try FF, with AdBlock of course, again and update how it goes. I may even try the alpha5. I know your busy, but please help if you can. Any feedback or help would be greatly appreciated. I will continue to support the Mozilla community regardless of this issue.

-Regards

Reproducible: Didn't try

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Install PeerBlock v1.00+ build r320. Run it with default lists.
2. Install Firefox 3.6.3. Install AdBlock  and NoScripts addons. 
3. Search the internet with the two aforementioned programs running         concurrently.
Actual Results:  
No special set up should be needed. Firefox was selected as default browser. Search the web with both of those programs with those exact builds running.  PeerBlock with default lists. Firefox addon AdBlock with english list. Avira Antivir was also on.

Expected Results:  
Complete insanity. Entire computer system becomes unusable. I/O, ACPI, TCP/IP errors were just a few, but the main error seems to be an ATAPI controller error on device/ide/ideport2. Memory modules become very unstable.  Check the details I posted. 

Definetly not that.