Issues with "Cut" function in Bookmarks panel
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.2; en-US; rv:1.9.2.8) Gecko/20100722 Firefox/3.6.8 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.2; en-US; rv:1.9.2.8) Gecko/20100722 Firefox/3.6.8 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

note: I'm adding this as an enhancement but some may consider it a bug as bookmarks can be lost.

Recently my mouse scroll wheel stopped working and I didn't have time to order a new mouse.
By habit, I used to open the Bookmarks sidebar and click the scroll wheel to open several websites in a folder. 

Thinking it works just like opening a new tab - which goes by pressing Ctrl+T - I just right clicked and pressed T thinking it would open in new tab but it turned out the letter to press is W from "Open in ne*w* tab"

Fair enough, I'm not saying T is bad for Cut as it's the same as in Windows. The problem is that by doing it in speed like an automatism, I've selected cut on the link and it dissapeared from the bookmarks folder. 

Didn't notice right away as I was going through the links I was planning to open... After three links I've finally noticed that all three links have vanished and I kind of panicked thinking I've deleted them so I went to Edit > Undo and managed to get all three back.

Made some more experiments and noticed that if you cut one link and close the Bookmarks sidebar, when you open it again the link is back in the sidebar.
However, if you cut two or more links one after another and then close the sidebar window, the links are gone - Undo will work only if the sidebar panel is open - it won't work if it's closed and I can go to Edit and select Undo twice or how many times I've used cut.

So links are lost this way, which is not how cutting works in Windows. Furthermore I think links that are "cut" in Bookmarks should remain there but maybe grayed out - they shouldn't dissapear from view as files don't dissapear in Explorer or other file manager programs. 

I don't know - in my oppinion they're not text chunks to be gone when you cut them.

Reproducible: Always