Unable to close the first tab opened in a new browser instance
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.13) Gecko/20101203 Firefox/3.6.13
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.13) Gecko/20101203 Firefox/3.6.13

When I start up firefox, the homepage is about:blank. I have the option "show close button on inactive tabs" on, or something along those lines (in other words, inactive tabs have a close button that can be clicked). Sometimes, this empty about:blank tab has no close button on it. No close button appears on the tab until I open more tabs. When I open a page in this first tab, no matter what I do, I can't close that tab during the firefox session, no matter what the content of the tab is. I can move the tab around on the tab bar, tear it to a new window or "un-tear" it (merge it back into the original firefox window), try ctrl+w, nothing changes and I am still unable to close that tab. I can still close the entire firefox session or kill its process and the tab will, of course, go away; however, short of ending the session, I am utterly unable to terminate the tab in question. The behavior never appears with tabs opened AFTER the first one in a new firefox session; only with the first about:blank that appears when I start firefox. I can change what the contents are in the tab, too; the tab itself is still functional and I can navigate to other webpages, etc, but the tab will still not close. I don't even try to reproduce this bug and it still pops up on an irregular, but frequent basis.
In addition, behavior of the other tabs opened AFTER this starting tab also seem to get screwed up sometimes; I'm not really sure if there's any reproducible behavior on this end, but sometimes I ended up with a repeat of the bug on tabs besides the first one.

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Start a new instance of Firefox. I'm not sure if the homepage has to be about:blank, but the option to display close buttons for inactive tabs should be on. Firefox should only be set to open one tab on startup.
2. Open up a page in this starting tab. Start browsing, open more tabs (standard user behavior, etc). Take care to keep track of what the starting tab was.
3. Attempt to close the original tab. Sometimes it'll close fine, other times it won't.
Actual Results:  
Successful reproduction of the bug.

Expected Results:  
Ideally, the tab would have closed, but I've experienced this occurrence several times so I was expecting it to be stuck. And it was.

I was using Whitehart 3.6.7 as my theme at the time; I have not tried this bug with the default strata theme.
However, I've found that the bug occurs regardless of the page being opened; in other words it doesn't seem to be affected by what pages are opened in the starting tab.