Mozilla may need to adopt Chrome's development and shipping model
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10.6; rv:2.0b9pre) Gecko/20110109 Firefox/4.0b9pre
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10.6; rv:2.0b9pre) Gecko/20110109 Firefox/4.0b9pre

I'm worried about the future of Firefox.  FF4 is supposed to ship next month, but major browser components seem much buggier than in past major releases at this point before the release.  Flash video is still unusable, and I have to switch to Chrome or Safari to watch video.  There are still major interface problems, like the flashing title bar, on some of my systems.  But what worries me even more is the development schedule compared to Chrome.  Google has adopted a model where they focus on one or two major features, put their resources into perfecting them quickly, and ship an updated browser every 6 weeks or so.  The updates aren't as large as those in FF4, but every 6 weeks, I can look forward to an incrementally improved browser.  In most respects, they've caught up to Firefox, and if it weren't for FF's better interface, better adblocking support, and the ability to access new features through the daily builds and betas, I might have actually switched by now.  Typical users who don't use the Beta or daily build won't have seen a substantial improvement in quite some time.

Frequent updates provide users with a reason to get excited over Chrome every 6 weeks, and keep it in the news. Infrequent updates mean that FF appears to be perpetually catching up to Chrome if you are not using the betas or daily builds, even if improvements are made to FF and Chrome at the same average rate.  Chrome spoon feeds you improvements.  FF makes you wait a long time, then gives you everything at once.  (Think about Apple's release cadence - every 3-6 weeks, Apple releases something significant.  There's a focus on only one or two related products, and the message associated with the release is tightly focused. There's always a reason for Apple to be in the news.)

I propose a change in Mozilla's development and shipping model to better compete with Chrome:

1) Focus on a small number of significant new features at any given time.  If possible, those improvements should be orthogonal - a problem with one should not block shipping of another.
2) Ship a new browser version as soon as a new feature is ready.  Don't wait for other features to be ready.
3) Develop a marketing message highlighting that new feature, and market FF with that message.
4) Rather than planning a large set of new features at once, offset introduction of new features into the development queue, so there's always something new to come out of the pipeline.  ie. If 1...n are new features, progression should like like this over time:

  1
 12
123
234 (1 ships)
345 (2 ships)
etc.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.  Firefox development bundles many new features into each release, resulting in long development times, a slow release cadence, blocked features that could otherwise ship, reduced media exposure, and the perception of feature lag relative to Chrome.

Actual Results:  
Typical users wait a very long time for new features, giving them a chance to switch to Chrome.

Expected Results:  
Firefox frequently ships a new version with only one or two new, nonconflicting features.  Users get a sense of continuous improvement.  Each new version should generate media attention for the browser, keeping it in the news more frequently.