Firefox cookie interface is not reversible; the interface actions to undo are not the reverse of the "do" steps.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.9.1.16) Gecko/20110323 Iceweasel/3.5.16 (like Firefox/3.5.16)
Build Identifier: Mozilla Firefox 4.2a1pre (output of "firefox -v", downloaded about Thu Mar 24 22:12:34 UTC 2011 from http://ftp.mozilla.org/pub/mozilla.org/firefox/nightly/latest-trunk/firefox-4.2a1pre.en-US.linux-i686.tar.bz2)

Hi,

When I click a series of checkboxes I expect that when I want to
return the configuration to it's original state that I should go
back to the interface and uncheck the boxes I checked.  I do not
expect the interface to change when I come back to the configuration
interface to reverse the changes I made, but the firefox's cookie
preference settings do just this.  If I go to the cookie page and 
choose "Use custom settings for history" everything works as expected,
unless you check all of:

 Remember my browsing history for at least X days
 Remember download history
 Remember search and form history
 Accept cookies from sites
 Accept third-party cookies

but check none of the remaining checkboxs.  In this case the next time
you go back to your cookie preferences the interface looks completely
different.  There are no checkboxes and in their place there's a string
that looks (something) like: 

 "Firefox will remember your browsing, download, form and search
  history and keep cookies from Web sites you visit.
 
  You may want to _clear_your_recent_history_, or _remove_individual_cookies_."

(Exact text from firefox 3.5.  Sorry, I didn't bother to copy the text
from the 4.2prealpha build I re-tested on.)

To restore the checkboxes and undo the configuration changes you just
made you must re-select "Use custom settings for history" from the menu.

What seems to be happening is that when the set of checkboxes 
you chose matches the default behaviour for "Remember history" 
then the cookie preferences interface changes and switches
the menu and the interface back to "Remember history" when you 
come back to the pref box.  There is no way to know this is going
to happen ahead of time and no way to know exactly what the "Remember
history" menu preferences really are.

What should happen instead is that the interface should remember that
you chose "Use custom settings for history" and retain that interface
until you chose another setting from the menu.  This will avoid surprises
when you come back to the interface and find you can't, seemingly,
undo the changes you made because the checkboxes you checked no
longer exist in the interface.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
See above.
Actual Results:  
Got a new user interface.

Expected Results:  
I would be able to use the interface in which I made the changes to undo the changes.

Old HCI axiom: If the user can't find it, it isn't there.  You're
also violating the principle of least surprise.  I took an hour
to notice that the menu had changed back to one of the defaults.
Meanwhile I was concerned of the security implications of allowing
cookies globally.

This is the second time I've spent non-trivial amounts of time before
I noticed that the drop down menu had changed and I was no longer
in the "Use custom settings for history" interface.  It happened to
me once before -- I think many years ago.  (Not that it matters,
but the problem is made worse because it's a drop-down menu and 
you can't see at a glance all the available choices.)

If it's happening here it's probably happening elsewhere in firefox.
Just because the custom configuration happens to be the same as one of the 
menu options does not mean it's ok to switch the interface.  When would it be ok?  Should it happen instantly, after a few seconds delay, after you close
the interface dialog/window and re-open it, after program restart?  If
you are going to change the interface it's best that it changes as soon as
possible, say after a few seconds, so at least the user has some feedback.
(The user could always then immediately go back to the menu and choose
"custom" if he wants to make further edits.)

/rant

Thanks for your time and the software.

See also Debian bug #619509: http://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=619509