New bookmarks not saved.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 5.1; rv:2.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 5.1; rv:2.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0

This only started after moving to Firefox 4.0. When I save a new bookmark, it may or *may not* actually be remembered. Sometimes they disappear after a restart, and sometimes they disappear during a single session. I am not using the private browsing mode (and have never done so). 

I have the same extensions I had with Firefox 3.6.whatever (fewer, actually, as some did not work with version 4). I never had a problem with losing bookmarks before installing Firefox 4.

Example: I visit a website, and decide to add it to my bookmarks. I do so. I check the bookmarks, and the new one is indeed there. Later I go back to find it again, and it is gone. No trace. As mentioned earlier, this has happened *without* restarting Firefox. I have lost bookmarks in the same session that I added them. And after restarts. Sometimes I add a bookmark and it stays. I do not know why it works some times, but not others. Unfortunately, usually it does not work, now.

To make matters more - unusual - I have tried going back into my browsing history to rediscover the webpage in question...and the *history* from that time period (i.e. when I added the bookmark) is missing, as well. It is like Firefox 4 has selective amnesia. (Or very poor short-term memory.)

Any ideas? Any help? Did some important setting(s) change with Firefox 4 and I just have not figured that out, yet?

Thank you for your time. I hope someone can help.

(I searched through earlier bug reports, but did not find anyone reporting the same thing. If I missed something, please feel free to move my report to the appropriate place.)

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Save bookmark.
2. Check bookmarks later.
3. Find out new bookmark has vanished.

Actual Results:  
New bookmarks sometimes remembered, but most times not.

Expected Results:  
Remembered any new bookmarks I might add.

I will try to answer any questions that might help to resolve this issue.