Several Issues: After FF automatically updates itself, I cannot use my email, the content is not displayed on the screen--> I have to scroll right to see everything; I did NOT give permission for FF to upgrade itself & I do not want it to upgrade itself.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 5.1; rv:2.0.1) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0.1
Build Identifier: FF 4.0

Upon opening a new FF window, FF notified me that it AGAIN upgraded itself without my permission. FF 4.0 always screws up everything & slows me down. My work online is vital for my income, so I do not want FF 4.0. I need to know how to stop FF from automatically upgrading itself. 
-My email account (Mail.com) does not like FF 4.0 & will not allow me to view my email after FF 4.0 is installed. This is ABSOLUTELY INTOLERABLE.
-FF 4.0 is slower than any other recent version before it. It takes forever for pages to load & I also find that many pages simply give up.
-FF takes longer to load & to shut down.
-Plus, I am a stream-lined, minimalist, no-nonsense person. There is far too much wasted extra space in the tool/menu bar. I don't want "full screen mode."  I just want the basics that I use, there, in the bar when & where I need them. But, there is a full line of extra, wasted space between the address bar & the tabs.  Why?  I want to see the page I'm looking at, not all the un-necessary grey space above. Today's mini-/micro- computers have so little space anyway. My eyes are important to me & have to last my entire life. If someone else wants a load of garbage on top, they can PUT it there. How can I get rid of it?
-The full content of many pages is no longer available on my screen. I have to scroll right in order to see it. I do not understand why it is "normal" here, on this page, but on the FF homepage it is not... neither is it fully visible on YouTube's site, Hotmail, Ownmail.com, Facebook, etc. without scrolling right.
-I have never given permission for FF to automatically upgrade itself & I do not want it to.  Yes, 4.0 sucks... not you, but 4.0. I don't want 4.0 & I want this automatic upgrading to stop or I will try like hell to find another browser that works better.  


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Turn on computer
2.Open browser window
3.FF automatically upgrades/updates itself & everything goes to hell.


Expected Results:  
I should be able to open a FF browser window without having FF automatically upgrade itself to FF 4.0 or do anything automatically.
This is MY computer.  I didn't give anyone permission to do anything to it automatically.
If that's the agreement to have FF, then I will try like hell to find another browser that doesn't take my power/control away from me.
Generally, I like FF, but I do not appreciate ANYone taking away control over my computer.
Yes, I want the option to say "no" & stay where I am & I want the option to go back to what I had when I find that the "latest & greatest" is actually a step down from the previous version.


Look, I have some experience doing hardware tech'ing (ten years ago), so I'm not a complete moron.  But I would qualify myself as an average computer user... nothing special in anyway.
Usability is the key factor.  The average Joe doesn't want a bunch of new-fangled crap that slows them down, makes life more complicated & causes problems.
I HAVE to be able to get into my email (Mail.com).  I don't like AOL & I was not in favor of them taking over my email account, but they did it & now I'm stuck with AOL (gak!) because my business contacts all have that email address to contact me. Disruption of my email access after FF "upgrades" itself is incredibly frustrating & can cost me loads of money... that's real, not pseudo-important, but a real-life issue.

You should know that just about everyone I talk to about this... & there are loads of us... says the same thing.  We are all looking for other options.  Operal is also too slow & IE is just plain out.  If/when we find something that's functional, streamlined, allows access to everything we need all the time, without interruption(s) & doesn't make any changes without permission, I believe we'll all switch immediately.  Putting up with a hassle one time, is far better than putting up with continual, frustrating, intolerable, frequent hassles... sometimes more than once per day!!

I used to really like Firefox.  I guess the regular suspects have wrecked it too... speed, greed & trashy-flash.