firefox 5.0 contacts google and pushes unknown through
User Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 5.1; rv:5.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/5.0
Build ID: 20110615151330

Steps to reproduce:


logon to internet then open firefox 5.0 then do nothing
wait 5 to 15 minutes 
you will notice extreme hard drive activity for about a minute
then it will push something unknown through WITHOUT permission 



Actual results:


firefox 5.0 should not contact google for any reason other than a search and return only those results

logon to internet then open firefox 5.0 then do nothing
wait 5 to 15 minutes 
you will notice extreme hard drive activity for about a minute
then it will push something unknown through WITHOUT permission 



Expected results:


firefox 5.0 contacts google even with the firewall set as "not allowed to act as server" it tries to push something unknown through. the fact that the transfer actually starts indicates that it IS acting like a server or trojan. if it does not happen for you it may already have pushed something through so suggest reinstall on computer that has not connected to internet. when i looked at the PID of the open port is showed the firefox process. the ip it contacts goes through google. google has no right to track when i am online. when i enter a search that moment in time only if fine for them to know a search is being done but not to collect anything from my computer. no matter if i have a google account or not.

options advanced updates "automatically check for updates to" firefox addons search engines all unchecked. should not update without permission. i do not believe that what is being pushed through is a search engine update. i suspect it is google annallitics spyware.  backdoor pun intended. 

better privacy has disable ping tracking checked so i also want to know what causes firefox to contact google. i separated the bookmark from this as a separate issue because i believe it is. 

virus scanner and antispyware used and did not show anything that should contact google. 

this should obvious but going to say it anyway. did not start happening until upgrade.     

homepage set to about blank