One tab missing from a few windows upon restore
Created attachment 547467
page-without-a-tab screenshot

When I close Firefox via File > Exit, I have things set to "save & quit" (it doesn't ask me anymore, it just does it).  Every time I close Firefox and I had multiple windows, with multiple tabs each, upon restore there is 1 tab "missing" from 1 or more windows -- I've never experienced 1 tab missing from every window, though.  Last few times it's been 3 out of 5 windows.  I have not been able to reproduce this issue with just 1 window open when I close/restore Firefox.

Windows with 1 tab missing: The missing tab is always the first, left-most tab.

I can get to the missing tab's page by Ctrl+Tab'ing through my tabs, but this page does not have a tab (so when I Ctrl+Tab my way to the page, I have no "active"-looking tab at that time).  In addition, when I click F6 when I'm on a page WITH a regular tab, the tab is selected and I have to click my Tab key once to get to the URL/location field -- this is not the case when I'm on the page-without-a-tab.  When I'm on the page-without-a-tab and I click F6 the URL/location field is selected right away.  I can close the page-without-a-tab in the normal fashion, Ctrl+w.  To deal with the issue O usually just close the page-without-a-tab and open the same URL in a new tab.

I have experienced this problem with windows with App Tabs and windows without (and it does happen even if none of my windows have App Tabs).  When I used to use App Tabs the problem was even more annoying because my left-most App Tab would be the missing tab, and I couldn't close this tab (with the intention of opening the URL in a new tab) via Ctrl+w.  In these cases I had to close my whole window (but not close Firefox) and start the window open (so I would Bookmark All Tabs beforehand).

Lastly, if I don't close the page-without-a-tab and open the URL in a new tab and close/restore Firefox, the page-without-a-tab is still there, and no new tabs have gone "missing."

Attached is a screenshot of me on a page-without-a-tab -- note no active tab among the tabs at the top.