network.http.response.timeout break application with long lived http connetions
User Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Linux x86_64; rv:24.0) Gecko/20140429 Firefox/24.0 Iceweasel/24.5.0 (Nightly/Aurora)
Build ID: 20140429161455

Steps to reproduce:

Write web application that take more than 5 minute to return a response.

Try to use application using Firefox 29 or greater.

Get connection timeout response. Connection to server is broken and server cannot deliver result to client.


Actual results:

In Firefox 29 an enhanement wa introduced to drop connection if they take "too long". See:
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/Firefox/Releases/29/Site_Compatibility#Networking
and
bug #947391.

This break our application. (And other folk application a well per comment in bug #947391.)

FWIW, it took me quite a while to trace this back to firefox. I suspect other's have had the problem and simply abandoned firefox rather than bothering to report the problem.

Here's some search engine keywords: long-lived long lived http response broken connection


Expected results:

Applications should be able to take a long a is necessary to respond to the client.

If you want to pop up a dialog box to warn the user that the remote site is taking a long time to respond, that sound reasonable. Anything that allows the user to eventually receive result from the server would be fine. Aborting the connection is not reasonable.

Since HTTP 1.1 POST request are not idempotent premature connection reset for these reqeusts are especially henious.

It is also not reasonable to ask all the firefox user to change their network.http.response.timeout setting in order to use the application. Nor is it reasonable to require the user to install some sort of plugin that change the setting so that the application can be used.

Helpful hint are a nice bit of frosting to hand to the end-user, but not at the expense of breaking backwards compatibility and removing real functionatlity. (It's not a if the user doe not know she's not yet gotten a result -- they see the little spinning ball and know it mean something's waiting.)

If you're going to warn the user about how long the remote site is taking then it might be nice to give the remote site some way to tell firefox how long it expects to take to supply a the next response. Sounds like a strange road to go down but I suppose you could introduce some non-standard http header.

Meanwhile, until there's a fix that doe not introduce regression -- a bug #947391 did, a quick fix would be a new firefox release with network.http.response.timeout set to 0. (If the user want a timeout message they can frob the setting themselves.) One would think that changing the setting to 0 would fall into the category of something that could quickly be released to immediately fix the problem.
