Can't hit breakpoints when remote debugging from desktop to desktop
STR:

1) Have two computer that can connect to arbitrary port across a network. You're on your own for step to set that up. We'll call these two computer A and B.
2) On A, open Nightly, open about:config and flip the following prefs:

devtools.debugger.remote-enabled to true
devtools.debugger.force-local to false

Restart Firefox just in case - though that might not be necessary.

3) Open the Developer Toolbar (Menu button > Developer > Developer Toolbar).
4) In the gcli, type in:

listen 6060

and press enter. Replace 6060 with whatever port you'd like if 6060 is already taken.

Computer A is now primed to listen on port 6060 for remote devtools to connect.

5) On B, open about:config and flip the following pref:

devtools.debugger.remote-enabled to true

6) Go to Menu > Developer > Connect
7) In the tab that come up, type the IP for computer A in the text field labeled "Host", and type the port that you used in step 4 in the text field labeled "Port". Click "Connect".

8) If all go well, you should get a dialog on computer A alerting you that someone is trying to connect. If not, there's a communication error between the two machine - make sure that you're on the same network and the machine can actually talk to one another along that port.

Press "OK" in the dialog. Computer B should pop up the remote devtools window. \o/

9) Flip to the debugger pane in the devtools window, and browse for some code we can set a breakpoint on and hit reliably.

My example of choice is to choose tabbrowser.xml (type that in the search input if you don't want to browse the big list of source files). Within that, hit Ctrl (or Cmd) F to search within the file for "addTab".

You should find a line that look like:

<method name="addTab">

That's a method that'll run whenever we open a new tab.

10) Set a breakpoint on the first line after <![CDATA[ in the body tag of that method. On m-c right now, that line is this:

http://hg.mozilla.org/mozilla-central/file/c9f8cc9ce89c/browser/base/content/tabbrowser.xml#l1505

11) On computer A, open a new tab. It should lock up before it completes, which is expected - we've hit the breakpoint!

ER: We should be able to step through once we've hit this breakpoint, and continue.

AR: The debugger doesn't seem to let me step through or continue... it also doesn't appear to realize that we're at a breakpoint on a particular line. If I flip away from the Debugger tab, it's green, so it know we're at a break, but I don't see the familiar green flag next to a line number indicating that we're stopped somewhere.

I talked to vporof about this a few week back, but I don't think a bug ever went on file, so here it is.
