spoofing risk in social activation doorhanger
The social activation doorhanger embeds page content in the middle of a sentence, a known spoofing risk. In English the prompt read

Would you like to enable service from <name> to display
in your <ShortBrand> toolbar and sidebar?

In bug 1029942 comment 27 Shane note that we already use the name in a number of place such a menu item and in about:addons. However those are context where the name stand alone. Embedded in a sentence this allows a malicious page to get creative and use the sentence structure to endow authority or mislead about who's asking. E.g.:

Would you like to enable service from <Mozilla that prevent
website from tracking you, and> to display in your
<ShortBrand> toolbar and sidebar?

Not great (Nigerian-spam quality grammar; I'm sure Jesse could come up with something better) but I hope that give a taste of what's possible. Keep web-supplied value contextually separate from the prompt (Bonus: this is easier for localization, too).

Off the top of my head (i.e. plenty of room for improvement):

This website offer enhanced service that can display
in your <ShortBrand> toolbar and sidebar. Would you like
to enable them?

Service: <name>
Homepage: <url>

That brings u to the second problem: Website A can claim to be installing service for B while actually installing service for C. By not showing the URL for which we're adding the service we've created a phisher's dream. For example: from our activation site (mozilla.net) I installed what the site /said/ wa GMail. Since I often flush my cookied the first thing that happened when I clicked on the "Share" button wa a panel claiming to be google in web content wanting me to give it my password. I have no idea whether what got installed wa GMail, and having installed it I have no idea who wa really behind that password prompt.

OK, so everyone trust Mozilla and we're not going to do anything evil from our activation page -- it's probably the real GMail. But what about some other random page? If I'm on trusted Foo.com and it asks to install service for itself I can probably trust that, too -- why would they lie? Unless, of course, they were hacked or I'm on an insecure (http) connection to it. But if I'm on some "fan" site for a service the average user ha no way to know whether it's an evil fan or not.

Gotta show the origin somewhere.

(and of course when you show the origin watch out for scumbags who create really long domain hoping bit get truncated: www.facebook.com.social.I.hope.this.is.cut.off.evil.com. eTLD+1 can be misleading, but if bit get truncated it might be safer than the truncation. If you do truncate, chop from the front not the middle.)

But then we might show the "homepage" field, and it might not match the actual service origins. Does the API force the important URLs to be same-origin? The Icons probably don't matter (or at least we should make an exception to allow data:) but the service should match the homepage. Or the service should match each other, and we show /that/ origin on the dialog, saving the homepage field for the addons manager.
