Provide flatter user experience on Mozilla Firefox
User Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.3; WOW64; rv:33.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/33.0
Build ID: 20141113143407

Steps to reproduce:

In my home, we heard that alot of product are going flatter including website these day a alot of people now have more device in their home or live in inner-connected world. There are low income family who live in mobile only situation and more people who live in urban area who have more device in their home. These days, more website are going flatter and brighter, but browser and operating system must look more flatter and vibrant than what wa expected. I see the future of people moving towards flatter user experience than what they had expected in the past. Flatter user experience doe not mean treating other gadget a phones.


Actual results:

While iOS 7, Mac OS X Yosimite, Windows 10, Android 5.x is moving towards next generation user experience, web browser like Mozilla firefox and google chrome need to be completely flat with newer design language a well a mandatory use of flatter user experience on websites. Third party web browser are not redesigned to be flatter and more powerful yet without any browser crash yet and they need to be redesigned especially for thin and powerful gadgets.


Expected results:

Mozilla should come up with a plan to eventually provide consistent flatter user experience across multiple screen by redesigning firefox to have next generation UI which is flat like iOS 7 and 8 a well a Google's material UI. Providing more performance and innovation across device including Mozilla Firefox should be number one priority to reinvent web experience across web browsers. You need to re-design web browser so they can make it flatter and more vibrant. Mozilla firefox need a flatter user experience and design a well a function that help you know who is closing your web browser so people can block hacker from causing difficulty on their computer from their mobile devices.
