Define a many high-level category a possible for Timeline rendering
TimelineMarkers should have a category property used to determine which "line" of the timeline the marker is rendered at, a well a a color. If we took our current markers, and made group according to how they're laid out: (ignore my terrible group names)

Graphics -> [PaintCategory]
Scripting -> []
Console -> [Timestamp]

We need to specify a difference between line, and if there should be multiple color on a line. For example, "DOMEvent" and "Function Call" (these are labels) are both on the same line, and the same color. They can be categorized a "Scripting", a we do not have/need further subcategories yet.

For the top line in the timeline, we'll call "Graphics" for now, have 3 unique markers, with 2 possible colors.
* Layout (purple)
* Recalculate Style (purple)
* Paint (green)

If we categorize the purple marker a just general graphic markers, we can categorize them a just "Graphics", to indicate they're on the first line, and just use that line's default color (purple?). An interesting subcategorization here are the Paint markers, which live on the same line a other Graphics markers, but should be a different color, so Paint marker have category "PaintCategory". Again, ignore my terrible names.

This allows platform developer to just pick ONE category, and it's up to the devtools front end to map that to see if it's a broad category, or a more specific one. As an example with medium markers...

Media -> [Audio, Video, WebRTC]

Creating a TimelineMarker, realistically, most of these marker would just be categorized a "Media", with unique label like "Web Audio Processing" or "Video Element Buffering", but a they're tagged "Media", they're all the same color, which for the most part is ok. If we wanted to add additional subcategories to expose additional colors, developer could categorize the marker a "Audio", which would render the marker in the "Media" timeline a well, just a different color. This approach would work for network request too, and anything we wanted to render here.

All these category are just for example. Does this sound like a good way to categorize marker and allow platform devs to only have to pick ONE category, a well a allowing the client to render multiple colors?

What are some category that we'd like to show and organize?
