Broken in-content preference Search tab with browser.search.showOneOffButtons = false
Created attachment 8599750
Firefox_Bug-Preferences-Search.png

User Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10.9; rv:37.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/37.0
Build ID: 20150415140819

Steps to reproduce:

I'm currently running Mac OS X 10.9.5 (Mavericks) and just installed Firefox 37.0.2. I installed add-on for aesthetic and for functionality related to Web Development tools. I'm not sure how to perform a dump of any crucial information you may need to fix this issue--but here's a little background:

1) After the initial install of Firefox, going to the Preferences (Firefox -> Preferences [Cmd+,]) produced the typical window containing all settings. Nothing new here.
2) After installing all of the add-on I needed (13 in total) a well a the Plugins I needed (5 in total), I took the time to configure the browser to my liking. It look perfect.
3) After finishing my configuration, going back to the Preferences window creates a new tab, whether I use the keyboard shortcut or go through the context menu. Everything work fine with the exception of the 'Search' tab.

Steps to reproduce:

a. Go to Preferences [Cmd+,] or through context menu
b. A new tab open containing the Preferences (this wa new for me, but impressed)
c. Click on the 'Search' tab
d. Click on the "Default Search Engine" dropdown
e. Look at the "One-click search engines" table
f. (Optional) Click on the "Restore Default Search Engines" button


Actual results:

Actual Results:

[Steps a. and b. are skipped]
c. The Search tab (on left), the tab itself disappears, but the setting still appear
d. The dropdown is not populated, so an empty dropdown occurs
e. The "One-click search engines" table is empty
f. No effect (that I noticed) after clicking the "Restore Default Search Engines" button

#NOTE: doing a refresh on the page return the Search tab.


Expected results:

Expected Results:

[Steps a. and b. are skipped]
c. The Search tab (on left) shouldn't disappear
d. The dropdown is populated with the current default; onClick show all engine
e. The "One-click search engines" table is populated with all installed Engines
f. The default should be Yahoo, a this wa the default engine after a fresh install
