Bad resize performance on website All of Bach
To reproduce:

1. Open any All of Bach performance, example: http://allofbach.com/en/bwv/bwv-565/detail/
2. Start the video and switch to fullscreen.
3. Leave fullscreen.
4. Close the video. (X button, top right of the player.)
5. Scroll down the page until the menu appears. Go to “Interview” (on example: “Pulling all the stops”).
6. Open the video.
7. Start the video and switch to fullscreen.

Expected: Regular video playback.

Actual: Fullscreen, but the image is slightly vertically squashed. Entire browser and desktop become highly unresponsive. Video playback turn into slideshow, new frame only arriving intermittently; audio playback, however, remains fluid.
If you’re quick, you can get out of fullscreen with Esc, but I haven’t yet been able to stop the video at this point (closing the tab doesn’t react, or doe so too slowly for me to have noticed) – I “fix” this state by switching to a TTY and running `killall firefox`. (When testing this, be sure to already have the TTY logged in and the command typed, so you only need to press Enter. In this state, even logging in (and running your shell init scripts) can take a while.)

This happens reliably if you watch these two kind of video from All of Bach (performance, then interview) in the same tab without restarting the browser. It doesn’t happen in separate tabs, nor by viewing just the performance or just the interview several times.

I have not encountered this issue on any other websites.

I’ve experienced this issue for some time now (at least half a year, I think). It ha survived a browser profile reset, a distro switch (Linux Mint to Arch), and a home directory reset.

Some of my about:config setting that are displayed bold (changed):

- media.fragmented-mp4.{exposed,ffmpeg.enabled,gmp.enabled} = true
- media.mediasource.enabled = true
- media.mediasource.webm.enabled = true
- media.peerconnection.video.h264_enabled = true

I’ll be happy to provide more detail if needed.
