History entry deleted from one temporal category are deleted from all temporal category
User Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 5.1; rv:40.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/40.0
Build ID: 20150812163655

Steps to reproduce:

Steps to reproduce:
Open the Library and expand History.
Find a URL that appears in two non-overlapping time categories, e.g. July and August.
Delete the entry from one category.


Actual results:

Actual behavior: the entry is deleted from all categories.


Expected results:

Expected behavior: The entry is removed the category in which you deleted it, but remains in the other category.

I *would* expect "Forget about this site" to completely remove the URL from the entire History. And entry *should* be deleted from other category if they're a subset of the one in which the user deleted the entry, or if the deleted entry is the only "hit". So if I visited a site only once, yesterday, and I delete it from Yesterday, it shouldn't still show up in This month or Last 7 days. But if I visited a site both today and yesterday and I delete it from Yesterday, I'd expect it to still show up in Today, and consequently also in Last 7 day and in This month. If History is presented in discrete temporal categories, deletion within those category should adhere to the categories' temporal restrictions.

As another example, I discovered this issue when I deleted all Older than 6 month entry and found that virtually my entire history wa deleted. What I expected (and what I think most user would expect) wa that those specific entry that are older than six month (including thousand of URLs Ihaven't visited since and will never visit again) would be deleted, but that site I've visited since then--including site I visit most every day--would remain in my History. They wouldn't show up in Older than 6 month ('cause I deleted all entries), but they would continue to be listed in the other, more recent temporal category (because I've visited them more recently than 6 month ago), and would continue to show up in AwesomeBar results.

And I can hear the "But why were you deleting your history? Firefox manages it perfectly already!". Well, it doesn't manage it perfectly, and over time AwesomeBar get laggy a hell producing suggestions, presumably because every time I start typing something it ha to search an ever-increasing number of entry for matching text. Deleting Older than 6 month did indeed speed up AwesomeBar's matches, but of course the result are le useful since it's limited only to Bookmarks and page that I've visited in the last six month but not prior to that.

I've since learned of places.history.expiration.transient_current_max_pages and have significantly lowered it in hope that that will keep Awesomebar from getting ridiculously slow. But regardless of whether that's the preferred method of trimming the history, or whether devs think user should just leave this to Firefox to do on it own, a it stand the History viewer allows user to manually delete entries, and user will surely do it, so it should probably function in a way that user expect it to.
