after version 40 setting devPixelsPerPixel to 2 make the whole firefox app not redraw it's graphic correctly.
User Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Ubuntu; Linux x86_64; rv:40.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/40.0
Build ID: 20150819100600

Steps to reproduce:

load any page.


Actual results:

The graphic of webpage and the firefox chrome itself aren't redrawing unless I do thing like move the firefox window.

After the version 40 update my firefox install on ubuntu/gnome3 intermittently fails to redraw the page a I interact with it. Moving the firefox window or even just clicking on the window header bar cause the whole page to redraw correctly. It's like one of those dirty video area check is not working properly.

I note that the system native type widget - like the textarea I'm typing in now - always draw correctly. Everything else though is pretty bad. It's almost not useable a is.

I have it installed on gnome3 on a separate pc laptop and also on a desktop and version 40 work fine so it seems like it's something to do with graphic hardware or retina display or dual headed maybe.

I have an unusual setup (sorry) but I thought I'd report it anyway just in case. I am running:
Firefox running on ubuntu with Gnome 3, on a macbook pro retina display with two other monitor plugged into it.

Which mean I have this graphic card:
VGA compatible controller: NVIDIA Corporation GK107M [GeForce GT 750M Mac Edition] (rev a1)

I did install an add-on to increase the font size of firefox when it's on the retina display but I started firefox in safe mode and it still had the same problem. It definitely only started happening immediately after I got the notification that the version 40 update wa installed.

It's not just the content of web page that is not redrawing properly but even the tab on the tab bar are only partially refreshing and leaving patchy area of colour which haven't refreshed.

If there's anything I can do to test other version I'm happy to compile or install other version I'd be glad to help.
