With cooky disabled, various failure in tab and session restore function occur when visiting certain web pages.
When visiting certain web page with cooky disabled, error in the Back button history menu, session save/restore, and undo / re-open tab and window occur. The problem occur in Firefox 43.0 to FirefoxNightly 46.0a1.

The problem is triggered by specific web pages. Examples include:
Microsoft - http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/
Boing Boing - http://boingboing.net
Popular Science - http://www.popsci.com

If one or more of these "bad" page is visited with cooky disabled, the following error can occur:
- the Back button's history drop-down menu may not contain entry for the pages, or the menu may become inacessible, or show an incorrect position.
- when using "Show my window and tab from last time", a history entry for the page's URL, title, etc., is not recorded to sessionstore.js on quit. After restart, the previously-visited page in the tab's history is displayed instead.
- if the tab is closed, the Undo Close Tab menu item is grayed out, and an entry in the Recently Closed Tabs menu is not created.
- if a window with a tab containing one of the page is closed, an entry in the Recently Closed Windows menu is not created, and it entry in sessionstore.js is not moved to the "closed windows" section. After restore, the closed window is re-opened.

The issue is not present in Firefox 42.0 and earlier, where the same page work without error. It is still present a of FirefoxNightly 46.0a1 2016-01-06, with the exception that if one of the bad URLs is opened directly from the New Tab page (but not the Start Page), with no other history, it can be correctly saved and restored.

I don't know what the "bad" page have in common, except that when cooky are disabled, the Web Console show "SecurityError: The operation is insecure", which is not present when cooky are enabled. However, other site that show the same error, such a wikipedia.org, can be saved and restored correctly.

Disabling Javascript with eg. QuickJS, avoids the problem. It may be possible that there are page that trigger the behaviour even when cooky are enabled, but I haven't encountered any.

All error can be reproduced 100% of the time. Testing wa done with a new profile, no addons installed, all default setting except "Show my window and tab from last time", and with "Accept cooky from sites" unchecked. I can provide detailed step to reproduce if necessary.

This bug may be related to bug 1232955, bug 1217026, bug 1234021, and to the second comment in bug 1225501.
