Firefox should better report the reason for any failure
User Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Fedora; Linux x86_64; rv:44.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/44.0
Build ID: 20160211124446

Steps to reproduce:

A fresh installation of Firefox 44 on a fresh installation of Fedora 23 server edition. All package installed directly from the Fedora repos. According to dnf, there are no missing dependencies. I see the same behavior on about 25 new machines.


Actual results:

Starting Firefox from an icon show an entry in the panel for a few seconds, then nothing. Starting it from the command line in a shell window return a new prompt after a few seconds. The exit code is zero and there is nothing recorded in syslog or the systemd journal. No Firefox window ever appears.

I've also tried adding the -preferences and/or -private switch with the same result. The only thing I see strange is a new file in the saved-telemetry-pings directory each time I try to start Firefox. If FF is trying to use telemetry by default before I get a chance to disable it, FF will fail because it will never get through the proxy.

I have one machine where FF works. This is also running Fedora 23 but wa installed from the live DVD rather than using PXE a were those which are failing. It ha FF 42 rather than FF 44. Thus far, I've tried these remedy without success.

* Downgrade FF to 42 on a failing machine.

* Compare the list of package installed on both machine and install on the failing machine any which were previously only on the working one. (In fact, the working machine ha several hundred /fewer/ package installed but had a few extra one a well.

* Per an online suggestion, verified that both machine have NSS installed and configured identically. Neither is using LDAP.

In all cases, FF exit with a zero status. I've run both the working and failing copy under strace and compared the output (there's a lot of output!). Certainly there are difference but nothing stand out a an indicator of the problem.


Expected results:

Firefox should tell me why it fails! This report is NOT about the specific situation described (though I'd welcome a solution to that problem), that is NOT why I'm opening this ticket. THIS ticket is about the fact that Firefox doesn't give me any way to discover the cause of the problem. It should never return a zero exit status when it fails!
