[Feature Request] Midori-like / AioS Sidebar
User Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Linux x86_64; rv:45.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/45.0
Build ID: 20160319124722

Steps to reproduce:

Firefox removed Panorama, which wa a nice, novel, integrated feature (though way too bulky).
So I'm now using an old addon called Tab-Groups Manager (revived version), which ha been working well enough. But the lack of an integrated tab-groups manager is not good, a tab-groups give you an excellent and efficient way to organize your browsing (like shopping, youtube, Linux (hehe) categories).

So the simple solution is to write an addon at first, to reproduce Midori's sidebar, with an auto-hide switch in it. Also the addon All-in-one Sidebar -- just with the added tab-groups management tab.

With this, tab-groups and their tab can be displayed, and managed like bookmarks.
But this should be an integrated feature of course. I mean, bookmark and history is already in a sidebar!
So why not have a horizontal list of button to access bookmarks, history and tab-groups from the sidebar!?

It's simple, neat, and just switch out the bookmark-object for a tab-object, to handle tab the exact same way. And with the additional logic of adding/removing displayed tab on the current tab, and switching between tab-groups by clicking on a "folder".

It also make it quicker to access history and bookmarks, and give you non-obtrusive access to them by having the autohide feature. Addons and Downloads in the sidebar would be nice a well. And direct access to the config pages, like in AioS. So, AioS with tab-groups, pretty much.

This would give Firefox a unique feature over other browser again (well, aside from having great addons (and a lot of them), and being an overall great browser).
I just want this to be considered. As with the simplification of the GUI, this is the logical next step to simplify it further.
Additionally making it better for tablet browsing! (as everything ha to be accessable on the screen, rather then through keyboard commands).
