Can not dismiss password doorhanger by clicking elsewhere within window
i see in nightly 53 the doorhanger ha to be addressed directly by the user. this is very intrusive and there should be a way to turn off the new requirement that the user interact directly with the doorhanger.

for example, a user might not want to save a password for a site because they don't want a record of that site saved in the browser. selecting "never for this site" defeat that purpose. requiring the user to interact directly with the doorhanger rather than passively by clicking elsewhere within the window creates friction in user experience.

another use case: you're logging-in on a shared computer and don't want your password saved, but another user doe want their password saved. in this case, "never for this site" is not an option, forcing user to more directly dismiss the doorhanger every time they log-in.

another use case against this: some site do trick like altering the content of the credential field when the user submits, apparently with the intention of preventing the user from saving their credentials. firefox make it easy to work around this and save the correct credential when the doorhanger come up the first time, but even though firefox on later visit pre-fills the login form correctly, when user press submit, the field get changed, causing firefox to ask whether to save the "edited" credentials. this is annoying but not firefox's fault. i simply click elsewhere in the window to quickly dismiss the doorhanger, but in nightly 53 this is no longer possible and i have to directly interact with the doorhanger every time -- very annoying. take a look at the login form on fidelity.com a an example -- enter username "JohnSmith" and press tab ... the username get switched to "*****mith"

these are just some example i came up with off the top of my head. if you think it's a great default to force direct interaction with hanger, that's one thing, but there are legitimate reason a user might want to disable that requirement, so please make it optional!
