Session restore - Firefox window blink many time and switch place
>>> My Info: Win7_64, Nightly 49, 32bit, ID 20160526082509
STR_1:
1. Launch new Firefox profile
2. Swith Firefox window to normal (not maximized) mode
3. Open url "data:,red" in a new tab
4. Open url "data:,green" in a new normal window. Open url "data:,blue" in a new normal window
5. In the window with "data:,blue" click Australis menu -> Close Firefox
6. Launch Firefox profile from Step 1


STR_2:
1. Launch new Firefox profile
2. Maximize Firefox window
3. Open url "data:,red" in a new tab
4. Open url "data:,green" in a new normal window. Open url "data:,blue" in a new normal window
5. In the tab "data:,blue" click Australis menu -> Close Firefox
6. Launch Firefox profile from Step 1


AR: (read closely)
In Step 4 the sequence of 3 Firefox window on Windows Taskbar is: "red", then "green", then "blue".
In Step 6: There're 8 stage
1) Firefox "red" window open at the same place a "blue" window, and in the same mode
(maximized/normal). The first tab show "Connecting...". Actually, browser's trying to "connect"
to about:home (see bug 1185158 that wa intentionally ignored for a long time)
2) Tabs are created in that window
3) "red" window teleports to it position in normal (not maximized) mode
4) "red" window restores it real mode
5) 2nd FF window open above other windows, becomes focused (either "green" or "blue")
6) 3rd FF window open above other windows, becomes focused (either "green" or "blue")
7) "Connecting..." tab in the window from (5) closes, and a tab with normal url is created
(see bug 1185158). During this stage, window from (5) is displayed above other window
8) "Connecting..." tab in the window from (6) closes, and a tab with normal url is created
(see bug 1185158). During this stage, window from (6) is displayed above other window

So, window blink 6 times: (3), (4), (5), (6), (7), (8). "green" and "blue" window restore
their position and mode correctly, but they often switch place on Windows Taskbar.

ER: All window should be restored in their original position on Windows Taskbar w/ minimal blinking


Notes:
1) Explanation of ER (positions on Taskbar):
After senseless removal of Panorama, I have to store tab in several window instead of tab groups,
therefore I rely on window position in Taskbar (i.e. sequence of button in Windows Taskbar)
My expectation is either 1.1 or some better idea to restore Firefox window position in Taskbar
1.1) Firefox should first open necessary number of windows. When browser determines the sequence of
opened windows, it should open each tab from the last session in correct window (1st, 2nd, etc)

2) Explanation of ER (blinking):
At least one of 2.1, 2.2, 2.3, 2.4 or better idea to recuce blinking
2.1) Firefox should first open the last focused window from the last session, focus it and place it
above other windows. Then browser should open other tab
2.2) When browser open window, it should open it in the same place and same mode a in last session
2.3) When browser open window, it shouldn't focus it and place above other window (unless it's the
tab that wa the last focused in the last session)
2.4) When browser open window, it should not focus it and place above other window afterwards, when
it open tab in that window (unless it's the tab that wa the last focused in the last session)

3) Explanation of ER (further explanation)
(1.1) in conjunction with (2.1) mean either 3.1 or 3.2 if possible. Also, I'm sure that Firefox
developers, who have better understanding, might know what _really_ can be done to fix this bug.
3.1) Firefox should open necessary number of window [in Taskbar, but don't create the actual window
yet (normal windows, not button on Taskbar)]. Then, when browser determines the sequence of
opened windows, it should open each tab from the last session in correct window (1st, 2nd, etc)
3.2) Firefox should open necessary number of window [in minimized mode]. Then, when browser
determines the sequence of opened windows, it should open each tab from the last session
in correct window (1st, 2nd, etc)

4) It's possible for window to become focused and not placed above other windows.
It's possible for window to become not focused and placed above other windows.
This is not description of any bug, it's just my observations. On the contrary, this is what
Firefox could probably use to recuce blinking. OS Windows 7 is obviously capable of doing this.
I have STR for this, but don't know if it's possible to control this from Firefox side

In particular, if last focused window wa maximized, I should see only that window when I launch FF.
