Cannot remove zoom from address bar
User Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; Win64; x64; rv:51.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/51.0
Build ID: 20170125094131

Steps to reproduce:

1. Let Firefox update to 51.0.
2. Right clicked on new zoom in address bar to try and remove it.
3. Went to customize to try and remove it.
4. Googled how to remove it.
5. Let Firefox upgrade to 51.0.1.
6. repeat 2 & 3


Actual results:

2. Zoom wa reset, and I had to go through the complex process of fixing it back. The control continued to be displayed.
3. Control wa not displayed while customizing and thus could not be removed.
4. Was told that there is no about:config entry to remove it.
6. Same a before.


Expected results:

All new button should be removable. This is a basic concept of Firefox. A button that can't be removed is just wasting space if the user doesn't need it.

Workaround:

I did find a workaround--I can put the zoom control button on a toolbar, which hide this inferior version. Then I can hide said toolbar. Unfortunately, I already have the zoom control in the hamburger menu, so I cannot use this workaround.

Additional Information:

Firefox already ha the zoom feature in the hamburger menu by default. That version also ha zoom in and out controls, making it far more useful. It is in the menu because the average user ha no need to fiddle with zoom very often. For those who do, they can easily move the zoom control to a toolbar instead.

Addons now automatically install button on the navigation bar. This make the address bar smaller. Having something fixed in the address bar only serf to make it even smaller. Users are going to want to remove anything they don't use to maximize space.

And, finally, it's just how Firefox is supposed to work. Firefox is supposed to be highly customizable. Forcing user to install multiple extension to fix tiny change thing make the support burden more difficult, not less. And result in user complaining Firefox is slow. If it's something simple, it need to be easily customized.

This also give you a telemetry advantage. Instead of just checking how many user use the button, you also have information on who find it so useless that they choose to hide it.

In short, there is no reason not to allow a new UI button to be removed, and plenty of reason to allow it to be.
