Performance and stability are massively undermined by startup of many tab
So.. I'll start saying that I have this several year old firefox profile (on beta currently 53.0) with like around a thousand tabs.
Startup time and 1-tab-loaded memory usage ha always been hideous, but nothing I couldn't cope with after the first 5 minutes.

Since a couple of week though, cpu usage is always 100% (of a single core, I have e10s disabled) even after startup and counting. Sometimes after a hour or something it finally calm down, other time only after I have used RestartFox to start the whole program again.

I found your "Reporting a Performance Problem" MDN page, so I started profiling [on nightly(portable) because instruction say so]. I know you had even landed some lots-of-tabs related improvement and I wa quite confident situation could be already better.
It wasn't.

After having understood how to replace sessionstore.js.... I blow FF up since x64 e10s completely swamped my RAM.
I disabled multiprocess then.. And at this point I unfortunately discovered that the gecko profiler extension actually doesn't start monitoring anything until tab are loaded in the first place.

SO, I decided to profile instead the *restoration of a previous session*.. At the middle of which I get a "Script: chrome://global/content/bindings/browser.xml:348" hanging warning.
Not something totally undeserved in all fairness.

If I make it continue though, it crash firefox.
I finally managed to get to a working session by stopping it (and killing button and basically everything the UI does, but hey it wa worth it).

After trying to save to file the perf.html log, firefox hanged.. But thankfully I wa able to find the gz.part archive in %temp% folder.
https://perfht.ml/2pEdeVk Here for your delight.

https://perfht.ml/2pHuNn8 This is instead some second taken from FF53beta with just "new tab" tab opened.
Is it normal that for the love of me about:performance tab give no load anywhere whatsover (contrarily to what's actually happening in fact)?

Thanks you all for your help.
I'm sorry if the wordy description is messing up with somebody's time schedule or feelings, but I think I stumbled over so many problem that I wouldn't even know where to start.
