Firefox Nightly for Mac ha un-Mac-like dark title bar (looks like Windows)
Nightly updated itself a few day ago and now it look like this:
https://monosnap.com/file/4JfQfxvGuXAnNQhylsHt6hogNMrb7T.png

I'm very surprised to see a black bar at the top of the page.

Talking to friend who use Windows, I understand that this kind of visual styling make sense in the Windows ecosystem. But on a Mac, this is horrible. It's distracting. The nav bar background now pull more visual focus than anything else on my screen. And that's not justified. If I were a regular user of Firefox (and not a Mozilla employee), and this is what downloaded to my computer in November 2017, I would immediately stop using Firefox and banish it from my life forever. I would not even bother to see if it were a fast a the claims. This give off the impression that it wa designed by somebody who doesn't understand macOS. That would make me question everything about the software, and if I could trust it at all.

I'm hoping this is a bug. Somehow it shipped by mistake. Or that it's just the first step in a bunch of steps, and it will be changed again very soon — changed back to a light grey bar of one flavor or another.

I've been using a Mac for years. And have used hundred of programs. I can't remember ever seeing one with a bar design that stand out like this. The tech press will have a field day hating on this look. Please don't ship this. And if you don't believe me, then test it with real Mac users.

Meanwhile, I now dread using Nightly. Even though I a major project of mine just shipped in Nightly's Dev Tools, and I spend much of my time doing demo of Nightly. I keep trying to ignore the GIANT BLACK BAR, and just get over myself. But it get me every time. Shocks me. Frustrates me. Angers me. It's just too far out there. It grab all the focus.

I need to make some video soon, and I'm not sure what I'm going to do. I guess I switch to the Compact Light theme. I would much rather demo the "real" Nightly — and avoid having to teach everyone how to get their copy of Nightly to look like mine. I seriously hope that's not the official response — that Windows-minded folk won out in a battle over Firefox for Mac's design, and said "well, if user hate it, they can switch themes". Because people will not do that. They will quit the browser and never open it again.
