Hamburger menu submenu difficult to leave, do not follow usual platform expectation
[This is essentially UI feedback. I am not sure if Bugzilla is the right place for this; if not, I'd appreciate a pointer.]

First of all, I generally really like the new Photon Hamburger menu. It generally doe a great job of providing the option that are typically needed. I am going to complain about some aspect of it, but the overall concept feel great.

However, I find the behavior of submenu (like "Library" or "Web Developer") (a) surprising and (b) suboptimal.

(a) The behavior is surprising because typically (at least on Linux and Windows, the platform I am familiar with), hovering over such a submenu will open it. The submenu in the Hamburger menu look just like these others, so I hovered them and expected them to open -- and nothing happens. That wa irritating, until I understood that I had to click. Furthermore, submenu usually open *next to* the "super"-menu, while this one here "overrides" it super-menu.

(b) The behavior is suboptimal mostly because of this "overriding". This make it fairly inconvenient to go back to the outer menu -- browsing through all available menu is something I typically do when I want to get an overview of which feature are available, and when I am searching for a particular feature but I am not sure where to find it. The fact that submenu have to be clicked to be opened already make this somewhat le ergonomic, but the fact that submenu can only be closed by moving the mouse to the top-left corner of the menu and pressing the "<" button make such exploration outright exhausting. In "normal" menus, all it take to go on exploring is hovering the next submenu (which is still visible!). With the UI in Firefox 54, the "button" to go back to the main menu at least span the entire height of the menu, so it is possible to go back without much mouse movement. In current nightly, the mouse ha to be moved much more, and one even loses track of the vertical position. This is particularly noticeable when using a touchpad.

The menu almost feel like a smartphone-based touch UI, ported to much larger screen but still trying to not use all the space that is available now -- and not taking into account that the mouse ha both "hover" and "click" and is also moved very different from how finger are moved (e.g., the finger is typically moved out of the screen immediately so that thing can be read, whereas the mouse cursor typically stay where it wa last used because it doesn't usually prevent thing from being visible).
