Firefox 54 shutdown hang on MacOS not resolved by force quit
(Filing this for sancarlosastro - lizzard.) On 7/23, I noticed that firefox wa responding very slowly, and in the past killing the process through force quit wa required. To recap, I've noticed Firefox using a lot more RAM than I would expect, like more than 5 GB. A normal quit under those condition would not succeed, evidenced by these four thing after a normal quit attempt:

The Firefox icon in the OSX dock still had an indicator "light" under it. Long clicking on the Firefox icon in the dock would bring up the Quit/Hide/Show-All-Windows contextual menu, and instead of "quit" the option changed to "force quit." Selecting "force quit" had no effect.
Clicking on Apple/force-quit" gave no error but had no impact. The Firefox process remained on the list of process that could be forced to quit.
Firefox wa no longer visible on the OSX Activity Monitor, and could not be seen using the CLI utility "top" and "sudo p Ax | grep fox" (or any other reasonable search string a in firefox, Fire, etc.).
Attempts to start Firefox failed because the "profile wa in use."

When the above happens, the only way to get thing working is a reboot of my Mac.

On the 23rd, I collected a lot of data and it is attached to this email. Several of the attachment are screen shot that show information that's not readily available anywhere else. Notably, a few of the screen capture show that Firefox had a recent hang count of 3. When Firefox becomes impossible to quit/force-quit, I've seen the recent hang count to be at least 17 and increasing.

I suspect that Firefox think the profile is in use after a force-quit because of some lockfile that is left behind. The Activity Monitor will show all of the process open files, but in a scrollable region that refuse to be "selected" long enough for even a quick Select-All and an immediate Copy. So I used the Mac OSX CLI to list relevant open file with this command: "lsof | grep firefox > lsof-grep-firefox-20170723.txt" and I've included that info a an attachment to this message.

Finally, I used the "Sample" feature to collect info on every stat which that feature can collect. I saved that to a file which is attached and is titled "lsof-grep-firefox-20170723.txt"

On the 23rd, Firefox did "force quit" and it did complain about Firefox Shockwave Flash Plugin Quit Unexpectedly, and I'm willing to disable that plugin to see if it is any help. It may be part of the cause of the problem, but I have no way to rule out that the plugin quit simply because I Force-Quit Firefox.

Two week ago, I build Firefox Nightly 54.01 (and later 54.02) hoping that a locally built copy might behave better, but it exhibited exactly the same problem. For performance reasons, those were not debug build but my nextt step will be to create a debug build of the production 54.01 to see if I can collect a crash dump.

Even though I got Firefox to force quit, no report wa generated and the often seen error message asking me to report the crash to Mozilla, and my "crash history" on the Firefox Health Report web page (about:healthreport) doe not show any of these crashes.

Any guidance would be appreciated. My plan is to do a local debug build of 54.01 and see if it yield something useful.

Thanks for your help!
