So called "tab bar" should be made a proper toolbar or given the ability collapse / expand.
From Bugzilla Helper:
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.1a) Gecko/20020607
BuildID: 2002060704

I believe that the "tab bar" should be made into a proper toolbar. Currently,
there are some problem accessing certain Mozilla function when the preference
"Hide the tab bar when only one tab is open" is checked. If the tab bar is
always open then there would be no question, for instance, that you could always
drag a URL to the "tab bar" and have the link opened in a new tab. But if the
tab bar is not visible this is not possible.

If it were to become a proper Tab Toolbar, that you could show or hide under the
View menu, then you'd also have the ability to collapse it when you are only
viewing one site, making it real estate far le than what currently happens
when the tab bar is visible when you only have one site open - and there would
also be a spot on the screen to which you could drag a URL. (Opening a new tab
would expand the Tab Toolbar if it were already collapsed - although, I suppose,
the user could collapse it again if they chose.)

This would also address several other open issue about tabbed browsing. If the
Tab Toolbar were shown, that could be treated a a user preference to use tabbed
browsing. That would also validate comment 10 bug 149297 (which I had objected
to in comment 18 bug 149297 because of the screen real estate footprint of a
single tab a it currently stands, but which I would endorse given the ability
to collapse the Tab Toolbar). If somebody never us tabs, they can simply hide
the toolbar.

If a user open a tab via the menus, despite the fact that the toolbar is hidden,
they could be prompted to view the Tab Toolbar along with the tab. Otherwise,
to make life simple, I believe that the new tab should NOT be created and the
Tab Toolbar should remain hidden. In a related situation, if multiple tab are
already open, with the Tab Toolbar visible, and they unchecked View -> Show/Hide
-> Tab Toolbar, all tab would be closed (since I don't believe there should be
open tab if the Toolbar is not visible) after having been issued a warning
about this.

I believe that address all scenario I can think of. This would certainly
entail some logistic troubleshooting, but I believe it would help solve some
other bug if this were implemented. As it is, the "tab bar" is only a
quasi-Toolbar and I believe it would benefit from being elevated to "full"
Toolbar status.

Do we currently have the technical ability to create a dynamic toolbar a this
would imply? If not, can we, instead, make this bug about adding the ability to
collapse/expand the existing tab bar?
