backspace should undo selecting an autocomplete entry
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.3a) Gecko/20021119 Phoenix/0.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.3a) Gecko/20021119 Phoenix/0.4

When auto-complete pop down a match in the URL bar and I hit TAB, it place the
next match's completion text after the cursor. If I now want to select the next
match after that, I have to hit END and then TAB again. If I want to add to the
matched URL, I have to hit END and start typing. Now if I decide I don't want
that last match, I have to Backspace thru it all and then start over.

My suggestion is to allow match to be selected and un-done with one use of the
TAB and Backspace key. I will try to explain this in detail below.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. type a partial match in the address bar and hit TAB to select the first
suggestion.
Actual Results:
1. the suggestion is appended to the text I entered, but the cursor is now in
the middle of the URL where it is not very useful.
2. If I hit Backspace, the text ahead of the cursor is deleted, leaving me with
the text that I entered -- this is good.

Expected Results:
Place the cursor at the end of the selected match, but remember the previous
cursor positions. A single Backspace should clear back to these positions, one
at a time, much like a typing history (analogy to the browsing history).

Ok, now to explain with an example.

Suppose I have visited
www.foo.com
www.foo.com/bar/
www.foo.com/bar.html

1. I type 'fo' and it pop down 'www.foo.com' etc
2. I hit TAB and select 'www.foo.com' and the cursor is at the end of the text.
I then type 'b' and it show me the last 3 entry
3. I hit TAB and get 'www.foo.com/bar' and then start typing 'tender.html' to
end up with 'www.foo.com/bartender.html'
4. I change my mind and hit Backspace. I BS back through 'tender.html' one char
at a time. Once I hit the 'r' it remembers that I typed that all a one chunk
of text and era it a one chunk. I am now at 'www.foo.com' again.

This represents a choice: whether to optimize in favor of those who want to
auto-complete and change from the end, or in favor of easy navigation through
matches. To illustrate the first choice, suppose 'www.foo.com/bartender.html'
wa actually not found, and I want to do 'www.foo.com/bartender.php' instead.
The easy way would be to autocomplete and then Backspace till 'html' wa gone,
then type 'php'. My preferred behavior make this hard. I don't think it is a
frequent problem though.

I invite discussion on this... I posted it on the forum but no reply yet.
