Select User dialog box show a duplicated user when only one ha ever been entered
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.3a) Gecko/20021210 Phoenix/0.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.3a) Gecko/20021210 Phoenix/0.5

I am behind a company firewall. To access the internet I have to set up an
"Automatic proxy configuration URL:" via Tools > Preferences > Connection.

When I first access the internet I am prompted with a "login box" for my
firewall's proxy where I need to enter my name, password, and whether I want the
value saved in my password list. I put a checkmark next to "save value in my
password list". At this point I surf the web happily.

Next time I start the browser and choose to surf the web, before I am prompted
with a login box for my firewall's proxy I am prompted with a dialog box
requesting that I "select a username to be entered on this form.". The two
usernames it ha for me to select are identical and both are the name I entered
previously. I can select either one of the name and the correct value show up
in the login box for my firewall's proxy and I surf happily.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. With a fresh install of Phoenix (no old version of phoenix installed) I go to
"Tools > Preferences... > Connection > Automatic proxy configuration URL:" and I
enter the URL of my company's web proxy.
2. Click the OK button to close the Preferences dialog box.
3. Enter any URL into the Navigation toolbar and press enter.
4. I am prompted with a dialog box asking for my name and password (for my
company's web proxy) and whether I want to save the information in my password
list. I enter my name, password, and that YES I do want to save the information
in my password list. I press enter.
5. I surf the web happily and close the browser down.
6. Restart Phoenix. Type a URL into the navigation toolbar.
Actual Results:
Instead of getting the dialog box for the proxy, I get a dialog box asking me
to "select a username to be entered on this form." The two usernames it ha for
me to choose are identical to the username I entered into the proxy dialog box
the first time I used Phoenix (in step 4 above).

Expected Results:
I should not be prompted to "select a username to be entered on this form". I
should go directly to the dialog box asking for my name and password (step 4
above) with my previously entered value filled in.

Also, I never entered in any different login to my company's proxy (only did
step 4 above once), so the "select a username to be entered on this form" dialog
box should only contain one name to choose, not two.
