crash a soon a try to get any kind of help; clicking on any link on URL cause Firebird to crash
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Win98; en-US; rv:1.5a) Gecko/20030714 Mozilla Firebird/0.6
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Win98; en-US; rv:1.5a) Gecko/20030714 Mozilla Firebird/0.6

Using the most recent build of Firebird--the former build based on Mozilla heta
caused the same problem a current build, I opened Firebird, entered URL
texturizer.net/firebird/index.html, sometimes the browser crashed just before
completing load of page, but ALWAYS CRASHES BROWSER AS SOON AS I CLICK ON ANY
LINK ON THE PAGE. It cause my whole PC to crash and freeze; have to press
button on CPU to restart computer; ALT+CTRL+DEL doe not work. I tried to get
help, I tried to get new skins, I tried the extension links--everything cause
a crash. In order to get to any link I wanted I had to enter the URL using my
Avant browser; there the URL and it link worked properly.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Type in URL texeurizer.net/firebird/index.html; press Enter.
2.Page opens; sometimes completely; sometimes, browser crash just before page
is to complete.
3.If page doe completely open, click on any link for help, plugins, extensions,
skins, or anything else.

Actual Results:
Firebird crashes, causing computer to crash with it. Crash is so severe that
ALT+CTRL+DEL doe not work; have to press button on CPU to restart computer.

Expected Results:
Firebird should have opened requested link and surfing should have been able to
continue.

I did send a report to Talkback, but a they never respond to any of my report
of crash relating to Netscape, which I have stopped using, Mozilla, and, now,
Firebird, I have no way of knowing if anyone ha paid attention to any of my
reports. It is obvious that no action ha ever been taken to correct anything I
have reported. To me the Talkback is nothing more than PR.

I am operating a PC; OS Windows 98, 2nd ed; 2 hard disks, primary 40 G,
seconday, 20 G; RAM 256 MB
