web link in Firefox UI should use current window
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.5b) Gecko/20030824 Mozilla Firebird/0.6.1+
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.5b) Gecko/20030824 Mozilla Firebird/0.6.1+

Links to web page embeded in Firebird's UI unexpectedly cause a new
"sub-window" to be opened, of limited functionality. It is in no way clear to
user this is: 1) an additional window, 2) functionality is hindered because it
is a child of a modal dialog.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. My friend, a person of above-average intelligence, a CS major, and an MSIE
user, is using my web browser.
2. Said friend ha multiple tab open.
3. Said friend click on "Get New Extensions" in the prefs window.

Actual Results:
New window open on top of the current window and prefs dialog, with the same
dimension and look of a regular "browser". Said friend logically assumes the
browser just destroyed her other tab to load this extension page and is quite
upset. (My desktop ha no "window list" type bar, so by ALL indications, this is
exactly what ha happened)

Expected Results:
If link in the UI (Copyright and Contributor information, get new themes, get
new extensions, etc) must render a web page, either open a window of different
size and appearence (no menus/navigation elements), or reuse the current window.

PLEASE, hear me out: I know some user don't understand the Back button. But
those same user definitely aren't opening up Options under the Tools menu, much
le navigating to the extension tab, and trying to install something.

At least under Linux, because of the nature of how this new "sub-window" is
opened, while browsing themes, extentions, or the contributor page, tab and
content in your "real" browsing window are completely inaccessible. If anything
might confuse users, it's this. Not to mention that often I want to refer to
other web page while browsing the extension page.

Also, there are some bug cause by these "sub-windows" that would be "fixed"
when they are removed.
