Floating bookmark window (or maybe fine-tuned Bookmarks Manager)...
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.5) Gecko/20031007 Firebird/0.7
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.5) Gecko/20031007 Firebird/0.7

In short: I'd love to have something like bookmark sidebar but floating. Below
the longer discussion.

Firebird offer currently 3 method of opening bookmarked page
- finding it in the bookmark menu
- displaying left side bookmark sidebar and clicking there
- displaying bookmark manager and clicking inside it
All of those have important (for me) limitations:
- selecting right bookmark from the menu is a bit hard, especially for person
possessing 500 bookmarked page in many categories...
- sidebar take a lot of space horizontal space, forcing the viewed page to be
narrowed and fairly often forcing me to use horizontal scrollbar
- bookmark manager us a lot of screen space for menu, toolbar and unnecessary
column like location and description (yes, they can be disabled but then this
information is lost when I really want to edit the bookmark - where those
columsn and button are nice), moreover there is no shortcut to show/hide it

I would love to have a way to have 'floating bookmark sidebar displayed/hidden
with simple shortcut'. It could be achieved with one of the two methods:

a) Allowing bookmark sidebar to float (via taking 'Bookmarks' title and
dragging it with a mouse), after such an operation one could get some 'always on
top of firebird' window - of course still keeping the ability to hidden it with
Ctrl-B and to redisplay it in the same position/state with next Ctrl-B

b) Allowing Bookmarks Manager to be displayed and hidden with simple shortcut
similar to Ctrl-B (with the rule that if I move it somewhere, hide, than within
the short time display it again, it will reappear in the same position and state).
Allowing one to disable the search line, the statusbar and if only possible even
the main menu of the Bookmarks Manager window (using some right-click menu
option to get the main menu back)
Allowing one to configure different Bookmarks Manager appeareance when accessed
a 'Bookmarks Float' and when accessed a 'Bookmarks Manager' (or maybe just
giving the one-click method of changing this window appearence).

Of course my idea can be selected partially,
show/hide/show again at the same place
bookmark manager shortcut being the most important and probably easiest to
implement.



Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.
2.
3.
