toolbar button should have a minimum width
User-Agent:
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.6) Gecko/20040120 Firebird/0.7+

I like using the default firebird theme in it 'full' state, with icon and text.

Another caveat: I'm using "Large Fonts" on Windows2k. So my font probably
take up some more pixel than the default screen fonts. This is a very common
choice, especially for laptop with small screen and very high resolution.

What I notice is that because the word "Forward" is longer than any other word,
the "Forward" button is bigger (wider) than any other button. For similar
reasons, the "Back" button is smaller than any other button.

The length of the word on the button doesn't seem like a good way to determine
their size, and it make the UI look a little messy IMHO that all the button
have a different width based on the word length. Also, the "Back" button to me
is one of the most important button I use, and it shouldn't be the smallest
from a functional point of view.

I would propose adding "min-width" tag to the default theme for the buttons. I
did this myself, adding "min-width: 50px;" to skin\classic\browser\browser.css
for the block ".toolbarbutton-1" and ".toolbarbutton-menubutton-stack" block
at line 150 and 162. This make icons+text look great to me, but it ha the
side-effect of keeping the min-width even when you are viewing icons-only, which
I realize is a waste of space and undesirable. I'm sure a more experienced
themer could get the same result, but make no minimum width for icons-only.

I'm not sure how font size is determined in the theme, but if it is variable
based on the OS screen fonts, I suppose that a min-width based on pixel might
be problematic. If there wa some way to base it on the width of the word
"Forward" that would be ideal.

Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1. Use default theme
2. Choose "icons+text" from "Customize..." for the theme
3. (maybe) use "Large Screen Fonts" in Windows2k

Actual Results:
All major navigation toolbar button have different widths, based on the length
of their word label.

Expected Results:
Standardized width of navigation buttons.
