Find-As-You-Type doesn't work with space
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7) Gecko/20040614 Firefox/0.9
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7) Gecko/20040614 Firefox/0.9

Depending on the website I'm on - hitting the space key in the middle of my
Find-As-You-Type string either stop the search in it tracks, or it just simply
doe not register.


For example, if I'm on www.betanews.com - a soon a I type a space in my
string, I get "Find Stopped".

On the other hand, if I'm on http://www.google.com/advanced_search?hl=en, if I
type a space a part of my string, it just get ignored - so that if I'm trying
to type "return results", it get entered a "returnresults".


This make it impossible to use this feature for phrases, which is important for
it to have decent functionality on large or complex pages.

Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1. Go to any website
2. Making sure that you don't have a cursor within a textbox field, start
typing a phrase you see on the page - all you need is two word seperated with a
space

Actual Results:
Depending on the website, you will see that once you hit the space key, your
search is either halted in it tracks, or the space doesn't register - leaving
you with your two word melded together (i.e. (mozillafirefox")


Expected Results:
It should have processed the space a part of the phrase, so that if I'm looking
for "windows theme", it will find that entire phrase instead of just limiting me
to the first word "windows", which is practically useless for large and/or
complex pages.

If this bug is occuring because the Space key is given an additional function
(such a Page Down scrolling) - than an easy workaround is to let FireFox
recognize when the space key is not the FIRST key pressed.

After all, if the space key is pressed first, FireFox can scroll the page a
usual. But if it's in the middle of a Find-As-You-Type session, it should
process the space a part of the phrase - and not halt or make unuseable the
Find-As-You-Type session.
