Noticeable delay of selecting a link when stylesheet is enabled
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.6) Gecko/20040206 Firefox/0.8
Build Identifier:

I found maybe 0.9/0.9+ in general have performance problem on page rendering
w.r.t stylesheet for some machine/configuration.

Problem Description:
Since I write the "Super DragAndGo", I use it a lot. But I found in my
machine,when I press the left button, there is a noticeable delay for the link
to be selected, in most sites, which change the color of the link. This delay
make original super handy "super DragAndGo" very annoying coz I have to WAIT
the link being selected to start throwing it so that I can get the link opened
in a new tab. Without this annoying delay, super drag work like this: press
left button on a link, with left-button pressed, move my mouse a distance,
release the button, tab opened with the link loaded. All this can happened like
flow without a glitch. With the delay problem, I always feel the uncomfortable
glitch.

There is no such problem with my wife's laptop.

Quick Investigation:
Therefore I start to investigate the problem by doing small test like what follows:
1) Confirm the problem occurs on my laptop with firefox 0.9
2) confirm the problem occurs on my laptop with firefox 0.9 and fresh profile,
so I can make sure it's no an extension confliction.
3) Since I change my default font of firefox (from 16/13 to 24/20), I change
back font size. Now I see the difference for those stylesheet-less site, when
the font set in default size (small for me), the delay disappears.
4) For those site with stylesheet, e.g.
http://www.mozilla.org/products/firefox/, you can see there is an stylesheet
selection icon on the left-side of the status bar. When I choose to no-theme for
the page AND the font set to default size, the delay disappears. Either
choosing a theme or enlarge the font size (by ctrl + "+") will cause the
noticeble delay.
5) How about 0.8? no problem whatsoever.

Therefore, I seriously question that 0.9-0.9+ ha problem. Probablely I have to
go back to 0.8.

(I notice this link-selection delay since my development of "super drag and go"
extension, but I didn't start to question it a a stylesheet problem until I hit
into the thread of discussion of slow extension manager bug and it counterpart
of "download manager" patch provided by asqueella .)

Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1. Go to a site (e.g. http://www.mozilla.org/products/firefox/ ) with stylesheet
enabled or a sytlesheet-less site with font enlarged.
2. Press left-button of mouse
Actual Results:
There is almost 1 second delay before the link actually being selected: a dash
frame is formed around the link selected.

Some site will change the color (to red?) of the link being selected. For those
site, you can easily find out the delay between button-pressing and the color
actual changing.

Expected Results:
No noticeable delay beteen button-pressing and link-selection.

1. My machine : PIII 800Mhz, 256MB, XP(SP1).
2. It occurs to only to certain machine since my wife's laptop with similar
hardware/software configuration doesn't have the problem.
3. 0.8 doesn't have this problem.
