No hover highlighting (i.e. mouse-tracking) in Bookmarks/History sidebar
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.7) Gecko/20040707 Firefox/0.9.2 StumbleUpon/1.994
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.7) Gecko/20040707 Firefox

Although the issue of single versus double clicking ha been raised in relation
to the History and Bookmark sidebar
http://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=171106 the issue of hover
highlighting ha not been mentioned or dealt with.

The History bar ALREADY ha single-click activation implemented, so therefore it
should have hover highlighting and selection a well.

At the moment it is impossible to select more than one bookmark item, because
you have to click to select (due to there being no mouse-over selection). But
this doe not work because clicking cause the bookmark to launch immediately.
Even if you hold down control or shift (the standard way to multiple select)
the book mark still launch a soon a you click on them.



Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open History Side bar
2. Attempt to select more than one bookmark (by holding down the cntrl key and
clicking on the file one after another).


Actual Results:
The bookmark that you clicked on are not selected, they just launch into the
browser window a soon a they are clicked. You still end up with only 1 item
selected.

Expected Results:
The bookmark should changed colour on mouse-over and become selected shorty
after (if the mouse stay hovered over it). That way, you can hold down the
control key and hover over several bookmark (selecting each one in turn). The
same should apply with the shift key (for selecting the start and end point of a
selection range). Once selected, you are then free to click (to launch all of
them) or drag (to move them to a new folder or drag into the browser window).

At the moment, you would have to do this one bookmark at a time.

I wa going to post this a part of a wider general comment about single /
double clicking and repecting the user setting in their Operating System.

Programs like WinZip (on Windows) read the Registry to see what the user ha
chosen to use in the OS (i.e. single or double click to launch items). WinZip
then behaves in exactly the same manner (even down to matching the same hover
highlight colour and underlining, if it ha been selected).

This make for a seamless experience with the User's OS and much better
integration. It also mean one type of clicking is not being forced on user who
do not want it.

I would suggest that this method be adopted througout Firefox if at all possible
(as this would make the Firefox interface consistent). At the moment single /
double clicking is being implemented differently in different part of the
program (e.g. Histoty versus Bookmark sidebars).

Finally, it is importnat to remember that single-click launch must ALWAYS be
accompanied by hover highlighting and selection (otherwise there is no way to
select anything!).
