Bookmark with changed favicon url disappears
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7) Gecko/20040626 Firefox/0.9.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.7) Gecko/20040717 Firefox/0.9.1+

When looking at favicons of old bookmark that hold the old-style favicons (ones
created before Vlad's big favicon rewrite), if that old bookmark changed the
location of it's favicon, then the bookmark doesn't display a favicon at all --
not even the default image (I'm using the default theme). This ha major
implication for people like my father who have been using milestone for a
while and ha amassed an army of old-style bookmarks. He can't afford to just
wipe his bookmark clean and recreate them. It's easier for him just to migrate
them over.

Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1. Edit your bookmarks.html file by changing the URL of a bookmark (I used the
plugin faq in the bookmark toolbar). Adding a 1 in the filename will suffice.
This emulates an old bookmark changing the URL of it's favicon.
2. Open firefox, and hit Bookmarks -> Bookmarks Toolbar Folder.
3. Note how there is *no* icon for the plugin faq website.
4. You can visit the plugin faq website and scroll around in it to pick up the
favicon and then it'll appear in the bookmark toolbar folder.
5. Close Firefox.
6. Look at your bookmarks.html file and notice how it didn't change the URL of
the bookmark to keep the new favicon.
7. Open Firefox.
8. As expected, the icon for the plugin faq website is still gone. We're back
to step 3.
Actual Results:
1. There wa an empty favicon for the bookmark that had an incorrect URL for the
favicon.
2. Across sessions, there is no way to get back that icon. Firefox forgets
about it after it shuts down.

Expected Results:
1. Firefox should have realized there is no favicon and given it the default
"empty" icon from the current theme.
2. After visiting the bookmark in question, it should have modified the
bookmarks.html file to use the new favicon caching that new-style bookmark use.
Or, at the very least, it should have updated the bookmark to use the new
favicon URL.

I compiled my own Linux nightly to check out the new favicons and came across
this bug. My WinXP 0.9.2 milestone doe not exhibit this behavior. When it
come across a faulty URL, it throw in the default "empty" image, and I'm
pretty sure it pick up on the change and modifies the bookmarks.html to use the
new URL.
