"firefox ." apparently attempt network connection
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.7) Gecko/20040626 Firefox/0.9.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.7) Gecko/20040626 Firefox/0.9.1

You would think that the command "firefox ." would open the current directory in
the file browser. Also seems that ./ doesn't work but /. does.. :)

First time I ran this, I got a dialog box which said something to the effect of
"Could not access www.." and the dialog flashed extremely quickly many times.
This may be due to a temporary network outage I experienced on recovering from
laptop sleep mode with a pppoe connection (it did not flash after fixing the
connection).

Security-bounty-wise, this might cause network traffic you don't want, or
theoretically maybe if there wa a funny dns it could even redirect you
somewhere you don't want to go today.

The other half of the error is that to confirm this I tried to run firefox .
again while this bug reporting window wa open. I couldn't because I didn't want
to make a new profile. Normally I would expect running firefox again to at
least open another window, whether technically of the same session or not I
don't care.

Finally another bug. When I view a Japanese email listing in the buggy Open
Webmail package used by some ISPs, sometimes the bitmap of Japanese subject
line are completely destroyed at a pixel level (like someone rubbed an eraser
through them until illegible). This could either be a memory problem or
something else but such a display should never happen, indeed no other software
I know ha ever created such a display. Which is too bad since I like firefox a
lot! Ganbare! (Good luck!) mattr atnospam telebody dotddddotcom.


Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1. optionally turn off networking
2. type "firefox ."
3. enjoy the firework

Actual Results:
firework (like a dialog flashing 100 time in 3 seconds). Otherwise fine.

Expected Results:
Show me the current directory a a file browser listing.

running redhat 9 linux on dell inspiron 7500 pentium III.
I think it is a major problem, you may not. If you do, how about the bounty?
