Compatibility information bar
With http://www.mozillazine.org/talkback.html?article=5063 community got to know
about new document.all support. People are arguing if it wa proper solution.
This bug ha suggestion to make situation better through Evangelization.

Information bar, yellowbar or toolbar just below tab is powerful communication
mean (as opposed to small icon in status bar).

Suggestion is to show bar in blue color with information about non-standard
compliant event, just like popup blocked or XPI install blocked yellowbar does.
There can be many source of such event triggering, improper HTML, improper
JavaScript, other problems.

Suggestion is to include several action in the bar, to help web become better
(to correct problem that made bar pop-up).

* JavaScript Warning.
link to JavaScript Console to show actual warning
that made bar pop-up

* Link to explanation of the problem.
Link to Evangelization initiative of Mozilla (possibly
http://evangelmoz.mozdev.org/). Best to page with
explanation of the problem.

* Email to site maintainer.
mailto:webmaster@<site> (or author from META tag
if present) link with subject and body pregenerated
that explains the problem to webmaster of website
causing errors. User would add several word himself,
or just press Send.

* Report to Evangelization team.
The link that would register incident in Evangelization
project database. Projects with higher priority (banks,
popular sites) would get assistance from Mozilla to
convert their web application to standard compliant mode.

* Not UI but Evangelization.
Backhit for the page with User Agent string replaced with
error and URL. Webmasters would have special entry in
the statistic about the problem they have with the site.
This action should be configurable.

* Options
Link to configuration of this compatibility Information bar.

* Close
Close button to close the bar immediately (not waiting for
page reload).

The Compatibility option would allow user to select level of conformance he
want to be notified about. I'm not specialist in quirk mode, etc., but people
do and can comment on this bug.
