Video disappears in WMV playback
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7) Gecko/20040803 Firefox/0.9.3
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7) Gecko/20040803 Firefox/0.9.3

This page offer the possibility to view WMV file in a popup window. By
clicking on the link to the left (under either the "3" or the "Kanal 2") a
popup window appears, the requested WMV clip buffer and plays. The problem is,
that when clicking the "mute" button on the WMV player, the video disappears and
the WM player's screen turn grey. The screen remains like this until another
clip is loaded. When right-clicking on the screen and choosing "plugins ->
settings" and then just clicking "OK" the picture reappears, but ONLY on the
part of the WM player's screen that wa covered by the plugins popup window.
Similar, if the popup window is minimized and then made to reappear, the picture
is back. It seems that the picture is simply not updated, when the sound is
muted, but that it reappears when the whole popup-window is "redrawn" after
having been hidden by other windows.
Once the picture ha been "redrawn" like this, cliking the mute button doe NOT
reproduce the problem. It only appears the first time the mute button is pressed.

I've tried the same procedure in Internet Explorer 6, Netscape 7.1 and Opera
7.54 and here the page work fine, with muting etc.

I have tried the exact same scenario on my laptop (also XP with same build etc.)

Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1. Go to www.tv.ee
2. Click on one of the link to the left (under "3" or "kanal 2"). A popup
window appears
3. Wait until the clip plays, then click on the mute button

Actual Results:
I have described this under "details" - the playback screen turn grey

Expected Results:
The playback screen should still have shown the video, only without sound

I am using the Noia 2 Extreme theme, but the error also appears with other themes.
I have installed the Adblock extension (v5 d2 nightly 39)
