[UI] Scrollbars needed for Tools->Options dialog
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.7.3) Gecko/20040906 Firefox/1.0 PR (NOT FINAL)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.7.3) Gecko/20040906 Firefox/1.0 PR (NOT FINAL)

There are three closely related bug affecting resizing the option dialog,
adding new option via extension or viewing option a low-res display.

1.) The General, Web Features and Downloads tab will crop option if you resize
the dialog or add additional button (via extensions). I noticed this problem
after installing the Tabbrowser extension which add a section to the bottom of
the already crowded General tab. This section wa not visible a it had 'fallen
of the page' and there wa no vertical scrollbar to indicate that the viewing
field wa cropped. In contrast the Privacy and Advanced tab embed their option
in a scrollable field so this problem doe not occur.

2.) The left-most pane where you select tab (where the icon are) doe not
provide a scrollbar when the icon do not fit. This issue will become serious if
there are too many icon to fit on the display (as may happen on a palmtop or
after installing many extensions).

3.) The dialog is missing the resize grippy (the vertical stripe in the bottom
right of resizable windows). This is an important visual clue to the user that
the window may be resized.

Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1. Go to Tools->Options->General.
2. Make the window smaller and see what happens.

Actual Results:
Objects were clipped but no scrollbars were displayed.

Expected Results:
Scrollbars should appear if option do not fit in dialog.

Using Default theme on Firefox 0.9.3 (latest nightly) on Win2K

I have marked the severity a normal rather than minor a change may have
repercusions for extension author that modify the option dialog. The earlier
this is addressed the fewer extension that will need rewriting. Specifically I
believe this should be handled in Firefox 1.0.
