View > 'Full Screen' menu entry doe not become ticked / checked when in full screen mode
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.7) Gecko/20040803 Firefox/0.9.3
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.7) Gecko/20040803 Firefox/0.9.3

The 'Full Screen' menu item is not tickable / checkable, and so it doe not have
the capacity to reflect the current state of the browser window or allow
intuitive de-selection of full screen mode.

Admittedly, this is only a problem when the menu can be seen.

Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1. Install AutoHide extension http://www.krickelkrackel.de/autohide/autohide.htm
(or use any alternative mean of permitting menu display while in full screen mode)

2. Configure Autohide to show menu when in full screen mode

3. Switch to full screen mode (Menu: View > Full Screen)

4. Hover mouse at the top edge of screen to make the menu appear

5. Go to Menu: View > Full Screen

Actual Results:
The Full Screen menu item is not ticked / checked to match the current full
screen window status. This make it look a if there is no menu option to 'exit'
from full screen mode. You therefore have to 'enable' full screen mode again in
order to exit.

Expected Results:
The Full Screen menu item should have had a tick / check mark in front if it, to
indicate that this particular menu option is currently activated. This make it
clearer that you should use the same menu option again (untick / uncheck the
option) in order to exit from full screen mode.

This issue is specifically about the incorrect menu status of the Full Screen
menu item. The menu item is "toggle-able", but yet it ha no visual feedback to
indicate this mode of operation (so it appears just like any other single
function menu item).

The fact that an extension (or other method) is currently required to show the
menu is not relevant (as this wa just the mean of displaying the problem).

IE implement this better. If you go into full screen mode in IE and then right
click on the toolbar to show menus, you will see that when you are in Full
screen mode, the 'Full Screen' menu item is ticked. Unticking this menu item
will cause an exit from full screen mode returning the browser window to normal.
IE's 'Full Screen' menu item always correctly reflects the current status of the
browser window.
