Mozilla a default browser cause the right click mouse option to change
User-Agent: Mozilla/4.72 [en]C-CCK-MCD (Win95; U)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 Gecko/20040803 Firefox/0.9.3

I have modified the the "folder options" in Windows 95 so that I can edit html
page offline with the DOS editor. When I set the Mozilla browser a my default
browser I can no longer access the "edit a stored html file" with the editor
because the right click on the mouse ha eliminated this option. By converting
to another browser a the default browser this function is restored.

Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1. Right click the desktop and select "properties"
2. Select the "web" tab and then select "folder options" button
3. Go to the html, mhtml, htm portion of the menu and add additional option
4. I have selected numerous options, but for the purpose of this discusion
5. C:\Windows\edit.com is a good example.
6. Find a subdirector where there are htm files. Right click on the htm file
and choose the edit option. The htm file will open in the DOS editor.
7. Open Mozilla browser and set the browser a the default browser (restart
windoes?)
8. Go to the subdirectory with the htm file. Right click on the file. Edit is
no longer an option. Only OPEN in Firefox browser is an option.
9. Set another browser a the default browser and now a right click on the htm
file will open it in DOS edit, again.
10. I have used DOS edit a an example. Other option for opening the file also
dissappear by setting Firefox a the default browser.
Actual Results:
The step above describe the whole process. I am able to open TXT and htm file
from my subdirectory in numerous browser and editor only if I have not set
the Mozilla browser a the default browser. If I set the Mozilla browser a the
default browser the only application in which I can open the htm file is the
Mozilla browser. This is true when using a right mouse click on the file in the
subdirectory. By starting the application I can, of course, open anything using
the file/open procedure, but I loose the right click capability when I use the
Mozilla browser, which I prefer a a browser

Expected Results:
I expected that while using the Mozilla browser a the default browser I could
right click any htm file in any director and the open the file in any editor or
browser that I had previously arranged for the right click operation.
