Mouse-selecting text of greater width than the input of a form doesn't select text correctly.
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; rv:1.7.3) Gecko/20040913 Firefox/0.10
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; rv:1.7.3) Gecko/20040913 Firefox/0.10

I have tested this on Firefox 1.0PR on my Win2k machine a well a 0.93 on a
co-worker's WinXP machine. Both experienced the glitch.

There are a few condition which must exist for the bug to occur:
1. You must be looking at an HTML form with either an <input type="text"> or a
<textarea>.
2. There must be a wide enough amount of text that it is not all displayed
concurrently.
3. You must be attempting to select the text with the mouse, not the keyboard.
4.(optional) The cursor should not be in the field you are testing before you
attempt to select the text. (It *sometimes* work normally if the cursor start
out in the field, though very seldom.)

Also, the strange behavior only occurs if you attempt to select text starting
from before the first character or after the last character of a form's text
input, and only if there is enough text that one would need to "scroll" or
cursor horizontally to see all of it.

Situation 1: Clicking into the input just before the first (leftmost) character
and dragging the cursor to the right -- Firefox appears to jump the cursor about
30 character into the document and highlight text based on that position a
the anchor. It also will not scroll to the right end of the text input to
select the text that is sitting out of visible range.

Situation 2: Clicking into the input just after the last (rightmost) character
and dragging to the left -- The highlighting of selected text will at first seem
to work correctly. However, Firefox will not scroll to the left to select all
the text off screen, and when the mouse cursor leaf the text input, the
text-cursor will jump back 30-ish character just like the jump in situation 1
above.

Selecting from anywhere other than the very beginning or end of the text work
absolutely correctly. If the text fit on the screen such that scrolling to
select everything is not necessary, there is no problem.

Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1. Take any text input on an HTML form such a one on Bugzilla and place enough
character such that the text is longer than the width of the input and you must
scroll to see it all.
2. Attempt to select all the text in the input by click & dragging, starting
from either the very beginning or very end.
Actual Results:
Firefox will not scroll to select all the text, and it jump the anchor position
a detailed in the "Details".

Expected Results:
I should be able to scroll back and forth to select all the text with the mouse, no?

Workaround: Simply use the keyboard to select the text.
