'Tabbed browsing' option for 'Force links...' to open in a new tab break certain bookmarklet types.
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.3) Gecko/20041011 Plushbadger/1.0 X (Firefox/0.10.1 [Moox-M1 Nightlies] polymorph)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.3) Gecko/20041011 Plushbadger/1.0 X (Firefox/0.10.1 [Nightlies] polymorph)

First of all, I did try searching for this a 'tab break bookmarklet' but I
couldn't find anything, which surprise me really a I'd think that bookmarklets
would still be in use. If however I've somehow missed the bug, my apologies.

Anyway, I've tried this with a fresh profile and it seems a constant. If it
help I'm using an official zipped build off the FTP servers.

Using the URL noted in this bug, I added the 'Edit Styles' bookmarklet, now if
the 'Force link that open in new window to open in:' option isn't checked, it
work perfectly, popping up in a new tab with all the relevant CSS information.

If however 'Force links...' is checked and 'a new tab' is selected, clicking the
'Edit Styles' link on the site or even my bookmarklet breaks. What I get is a
new tab which is completely blank, it's an edit field but all the information
that should be there, isn't and no change I make there are applied to the other
tab.

It look like opening in a tab denies it document.write() or somesuch.

I'm very new to Javascript though and you fellow are the experts, all that I
know is that I can reproduce it every time, it's not a big problem really but I
figured that if this one slipped past 1.0Final, a lot of people might notice and
this is one of those thing certain group might bitch over.

"Sure Firefox ha a flat-tabbed interface but it break bookmarklets!"

Bah.

It might even just be my end though for all I know but I hope not, considering I
tried a new profile for it.

Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1. Drag the bookmarklet from the page into the bar.
2. Set the browser to open all window link in new tabs.
3. Click the bookmarklet on any page that ha CSS embedded in any way.

Actual Results:
Blank tab or correct window, respectively.

Expected Results:
The information should've been carried over to the new tab, a it is with the
new window.
