Firefox branding: changing search plugins in the Russian (ru-RU) localisation (request for approval)
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; ru-RU; rv:1.7.3) Gecko/20041022 Firefox/1.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; ru-RU; rv:1.7.3) Gecko/20041022 Firefox/1.0

I'd like to ask for approval for the change of search plugins to be shipped by
Firefox in Russian (ru-RU) by the branding team in regard to the localisation
trade mark policy.

According to the policy, plugins may only be localised and not changed. However,
these make little sense in Russian for several of the plugins.
Included in en-US are:
Dictionary.com
eBay

Let me explain why these may not be the best choices:
Dictionary.com: This is an English-English dictionary. It make no sense to
include it in a localised build.

eBay: it is not available in Russian. I don't think very many people
would use it.

Furthermore, Russian package have contained additional search
engine which some have come to expect. These are:

Yandex (yandex.ru): this is one of most popular and most used search engine in
Russia;
it is in a way quite similar to Google in Russian.

Aport (aport.ru): another popular and wide used search engine in Russia;

Rambler (rambler.ru): very popular search engine in Russia;

Multitran.ru (Multitran.ru): Very popular online Russian-English dictionary.
Contains more than 5 million terms;

Price.ru (www.price.ru): This is very popular site where one can find all kind
of price list for computers, hi-tech equipment, office equipment and much much
more. If anyone want to buy anything hi-tech - first of all he go to price.ru;

I've put mentioned search plugins at zip-file at
http://mozilla.ru/unghost/firefox/proposedsearchplugins/ru-RU.zip
Also they can be found at http://mycroft.mozdev.org
I should much appreciate it if you could look at them and see if they are
appropriate for
inclusion in the Russian localisation.

Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1.
2.
3.
