firefox.exe process loads, but the browser window stop showing up
User-Agent: Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 6.0; Windows NT 5.1; SV1; .NET CLR 1.1.4322)
Build Identifier:

Some General System Info: Windows XP Pro SP2, AMD Athlon XP 2700 ~1.9GHz, 1Gb
DDR400 SDRAM, MSI KT4 Ultra MS-6590 ATX Mobo with VIA KT400 NB & VIA VT8235 SB
Chipsets, Total HDD Space is ~1Tb and Boot/System Partition ha ~150Gb's of
Freespace, 18 USB & 2 Firewire Ports, local digitalPersona Biometric Security,
ZoneAlarm Security Suite (firewall, antivirus and more) in Conjunction with
myNetWatchman (Automatically Reports Attack Attempts Logged by ZoneAlarm),
PestPatrol Corporate and more. The system is a custom built powerhouse, no
component older than 18 months, with UPS providing ~2750VA of realtime
(sinewave) line conditioning and power backup.

The initial Firefox PR1.0 didn't exhibit this problem - it began with later
builds. I've been unable to find even the slightest clue a to what is
causing Firefox to load into memory, going through the normal HDD accessing,
but failing to complete the action with a browser window. At first, I thought
it wa due to extensions, since it coincided with their installation (but only
after the program wa restarted after a reboot), but it still began to happen
after no extension were installed. I'm still trying to find some rhyme or
reason for this problem.

Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1. No special setup steps, with or without extentions installed (and if
installed, only two or three).
2. Just running FF a normal; following a reboot, or after an idle period (as
mentioned above), the problem would begin.
3.

Actual Results:
FF would load, but would stop displaying a browser window altogether.

Expected Results:
Display a browser window...obviously. ;)

There is no crash, no error messages, no Talkback crash ID, no Dr. Watson
report, nothing. Firefox.exe will always be found loaded and running with the
Taskbar Manager, in the Processes list right where it always is. I rate the
Severity a Major but Critical would also fit, except for there being no
crashes, lockups, etc., associated with FF. I've searched through previous
reports, but couldn't find anything similar; I hope I'm not overlooking
anything that would make this report moot.

I ALWAYS keep ALL programs, utility and driver up with the most current
updates/patches; same applies to the opsys. I continue my search for
something, anything that would be of more help!

Thx!
