Alerts when I tried to close a popup that is in the process of trying to establish a secure connection.
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Win98; en-US; rv:1.7.5) Gecko/20041107 Firefox/1.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Win98; en-US; rv:1.7.5) Gecko/20041107 Firefox/1.0

This is a wierd, mainly cosmetic bug actually. I wa researching a domain name
registration at:

http://www.networksolutions.com/en_US/whois/index.jhtml

After entering the domain name and viewing the record for it, I closed the tab I
had opened for networksolutions. Upon closing the tab and leaving the
networksolutions web site, networksolutions automatically sends a large popup,
then a small popup with a secure connection. The problem is that I right-clicked
the small popup window on the task bar and selected "Close" before the popup had
fully loaded. This caused Firefox to generate an alert saying something about
http protocol not supported. I kept clicking OK on the alert which recurred
repeatedly while I also tried to close the popup window, each time adding http
to the description of the offending protocol a in:

http
httpshttps
httpshttpshttps, etc.

This ha got to be a timing bug that then caused an endless loop in the close
window/security connection thread related to the popup window. Fix would be to
kill the popup's thread which is trying to establish a secure connection upon
the user opting to close the popup window. This is a minor bug a I tend to be
really quick on the keyboard/mouse when browsing the internet. Most user will
not likely encounter it.


Reproducible: Sometimes
Steps to Reproduce:
1. Any site which throw (generates) popup window upon leaving their site.
2. User right-clicks the popup window's button on the task bar before the
popup's secure connection ha been fully established. Probably only occurs when
interrupting the establishment of a secure http protocol for the popup, since
that's two way activity.
3.

Actual Results:
Endless loop of clicking OK on the alert message and trying to close the popup
window.

Expected Results:
Fix would be to kill the popup's thread which is trying to establish a secure
connection upon the user opting to close the popup window. In other words, if
the user selects to close the popup window (or tab or new window for that
matter), then all connection protocol for the window to be closed should be
terminated immediately without throwing any errors.
