When clickin Firefox icon, it start then close automatically after approximately 10 m
User-Agent: Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 6.0; Windows NT 5.1; SV1; .NET CLR 1.1.4322)
Build Identifier: http://www.mozilla.org/products/firefox/

When clickin Firefox icon, it start then close automatically after
approximately 10 m WITHOUT ERROR MESSAGE. If I start Firefox in safe mode, it
close automatically after 50 m WITHOUT ERROR MESSAGE. My home page is
www.google.com.
I don't have virus (McAfee with auto update activated)
I don't have spyware (Giant anti spyware with auto update activated)
It happend when I've installed XP SP2.
After many week of work on my computer (defrag, registry clean and compress,
optimization of startup) it refuse to start.
I've finded a bug parade on internet to kill the user property and create a
new one. After this tip, Firefox start perfectly.
Now I've performed a window update, and the problem occur anymore ...
It's not to be paranoiak, but at this point I begin to suspect Microsoft to
kill the process of firefox when finded ...
I say that because I've the same problem with OpenOffice ... strange, no ?
All other application start perfectly (Msoffice and IExplorer of course)
Is there a way to launch Firefox in debug-verbose mode to find what occur or to
see any kind of error message. I mean a dll corrupted of so.
Thank's a lot

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Click on firefox icon



Expected Results:
Open Firefox so I can begin to surf the web

Ok, I've installed Firefox with default setting (themes, ...)
I just changed start page to www.google.com

Another thing, the Talkback crash tool can't send any information to your
server, it seems that there is no response from your server ... also strange
because my firewall (McAffee) is well configured to allow this application to
communicate any way he want ...
I don't receive any error message, so it's difficult to give you more
information.
My config:
XP Home Edition + SP2 + last update
Pentium 4 - 2Ghz
RAM: 1 GigaByte
HD: 160 GigaBytes with more than enough free space.
