Features of some web-based e-mail client do not work.
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.5) Gecko/20041107 Firefox/1.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.5) Gecko/20041107 Firefox/1.0

When composing new mail message (including reply and forwarding) in MS
Outlook Web Access, the function on the mail composition interface are not
working. Specifically, the button to access address to populate To, Cc and
Bcc recipient appear a plain text label and do not function. The
'Attachments' link similarly appears a plain text, but that link and doe
function a it should.

Similar issue exist when creating a new calendar entry - Required, Optional,
Resources and Location should all be live link that access the organization's
online directory. I basically end up with an e-mail client with no address book
capabilities.

I frequently use one other web mail client for my Cox.net account which work
flawlessly. However, I need access to these other account with full
functionality. They are the only site standing in the way of Firefox being the
only browser on my system.

The site specified below are the only two that I experience these problem
with. A password is required to access them which I cannot provide.
Unfortunately they are two of my three most frequently used e-mail accounts:

https://email.jwu.edu/exchange/
https://mail.bjs.com/exchange/

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Logon to the web client.
2. Open New (mail or calendar appointment)


Actual Results:
Cannot access address to plug into the To, Cc and Bcc field in the new mail
interface. To, Cc and Bcc appears a button that open up the e-mail address
search window in IE; but these appear a non-functional plain text in Firefox.

Expected Results:
Similar to the Attachments link (which is a pretty button in IE), To, Cc and Bcc
should be active link that pull up a window to search an online directory for
name and address and plug them into the appropriate To, Cc or Bcc field in
the New Message interface.

All other sites, including interactive message board and other mail client
work perfectly in Firefox.
