When browser window is NOT maximized, although it cover 100% of screen, and bookmark bar is suppressed, title bar remains in full screen mode (F11 pressed) and button on it do not work.
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.7.6) Gecko/20050225 Firefox/1.0.1
Build Identifier: Firefox 1.0.1

Further, under above conditions, if popup window display from top left corner,
covering main window's title bar, the popup windows's title remains covering the
main window's title bar after closing the popup window.
I'm developing an intranet website, and do not have an external page to refer
you to. However, I'm 100% sure it can be reproduced if initial condition are
met, and the popup window is wide enough to cover part of the main window's
title, and a smaller screen resolution is used (I use 1024 by 768 pixels.)

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1 - Launch browser. Browser window is NOT maximized, but cover 100% of screen.
2 - Button's on title bar do not work.
3 - Press F11 to display full screen. Title bar still remains and button still
do not work.
4 - Press ALT-H for help screen. Popup window display at top left corner of
browser, partially covering main window's title bar.
4 - Press ALT-F4 to close popup window.

Actual Results:
Popup window's title bar remains covering the main window's title bar. Also,
the button on the title bar do NOT work. The button that work are those on
the URL bar area. This cause some confusion and frustration.

Expected Results:
1- The title bar should not display at all when F11 is pressed, regardless of
whether or not the browser window is maximized.
2 - If title bar cannot be made to disappear, then it button should work, at
least.
3 - The popup window's clean-up routine should take care of clearing the small
area of the main window's title bar that wa covered, if title bar cannot be
made to disappear in the first place.

This only happens when the browser window is NOT maximized, but still, it cover
100% of screen. If browser window is maximized before any of these actions,
however, the title bar doe not display, and all is fine.
Problem is fixed if the URL bar's minimize button is used, to hide the browser
window, and then the browser screen is redrawn when made active again.
