Firefox install seems to corrupt/disable drag and drop to upload ftp folder opened in IE6
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.7.6) Gecko/20050225 Firefox/1.0.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.7.6) Gecko/20050225 Firefox/1.0.1

I believe this to be a bug in Firefox install which corrupts the ability to drag
and drop file and folder to an uploadable ftp site opened in folder view of
IE6...I'm not sure, but the circumstance are suspicious, and occur not only for
me, but also for at least one other user with a similar situation. Please visit
the following forum page for the whole story (btw, I did search the bugzilla
log for something similar...Zarro Boogs).

http://miataru.computing.net/windows2000/wwwboard/forum/61359.html

If you have difficulty accessing, below is a copy of my posting. For the record
my system is a dual Xeon 3.6 GHz X5DA8 Supermicro MB with 4 GB RAM.

Dave, I have exactly the same problem with a configuration history very close,
if not identical to yours. I think this is a Firefox issue...but let's see how
it play out.

I'm an energy science and technology consultant working out of my home office
running a dual Xeon server running IIS5 under a fully up to date and clean W2K
Pro. I've been playing around with Firefox co-existing with IE6 for about three
week now and just found out I can't dnd (drag'n'drop} to my own upload ftp site
using IE6! I tried some big corporate site with the same result. Like you, I
can copy/paste just fine and also "put-ing" the old way with DOS window ftp
command line is no problem either. The Mozilla fireFTP extension to Firefox
also work for upload site that are not "blind" (that is, allow read access a
well a write...I go through a virtual directory with write access only, thus
hiding it content from the current logged on user. On my local site, fireFTP
I think try to execute a "dir" command which result in a 550 denial of
access. I believe the fireFTP developer should consider this a bug).

I run my server through a router connected by high speed DSL to a static IP
address with only the http and ftp port forwareded. Behind the router, I have
a household LAN with several other PCs running W2K a well a a Mac that are
assigned IPs by the router. One of them is my 14 year old boy on whose machine
I recently installed Firefox (but not fireFTP)...and guess what? He ha the
same problem. On the other hand, my laptop on the LAN without FF doesn't,
either to my own ftp upload site or anybody else's.

In addition, I'm a Visiting Scholar at Stanford and when I use the PCs in the
lab I can use IE6 to dnd on my ftp upload site...no problem. There is one
caveat. I've noticed the machine have Mozilla installed a well, but I believe
it's the old browser and not Firefox 1.01. I'll check tomorrow.

Anyway, all this is not solving the problem, but I believe it's a heavily
smoking gun for the Mozilla developer that need looking into. I'll be posting
this thread to one of their bug site and we'll see what happens.

-Paul
http://www.w2agz.com



Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Install Firefox on a W2K/SP4 system containing IE6 with all update in place.
2. Open IE6 to an ftp upload site (you can use ftp://w2agz.com/uploads if you
want) with "open ftp site a folders" checked and "use passive ftp" unchecked.
3. Try to drag and drop anything onto the open IE6 window.

Actual Results:
Not possible to dnd...get "black no-enter international symbol" a file/folder
is dragged over open IE6 window.

Expected Results:
Dropped the file a expected. Again, please go to the referenced forum posting
for detailed description.

Please check out my comment that fireFTP give a 550 when attempting to connect
to a "blind" ftp upload site.

By the way, the Mozilla Foundation and Linux are mankind's best hope against the
continued and extended dominance of Microsoft. Keep up the good work.
