right-click + click on addressbar button creates unexpected behavior
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.6) Gecko/20050225 Firefox/1.0.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.6) Gecko/20050225 Firefox/1.0.1

If a right-click and a click are simultaneously made, in that order, on the
addressbar's dropdown menu, the menu will appear one line lower. If it is done
with a drag towards the bottom on the webpage, the menu will appear about 4
line lower. Here are the behavior I have experienced:
-The scrollbar doesn't work in the misplaced menu.
-The menu is harder to remove for the one done with a drag.
To experience the following behavior, instead of clicking on the webpage to
remove the menu, click on the button then click on the scrollbar after removing
the context menu.
-While the cursor is in a textbox, a backspace will act a the previous button
a if no cursor wa present.
-Some textboxes will not be accessible (I think that only the one where the
cursor wa already placed is accessible.
-Typing in the one where the cursor can be placed isn't possible.
The only way to be able to type again is to switch to another window and come
back. What is weird of the previous behavior is that although the cursor work
normally with the mouse, anything related to the keyboard will not work except
if it is a firefox command in normal situation (backspace, ctrl-v, etc.),
firefox seems to completely ignore that there is a textbox and typing or moving
the cursor with the keyboard arrow is impossible.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Right-click on the addressbar drop-down button and keep pressed
2.Click on it and keep pressed
3.Either release the button or drag to an area on the webpage and release. The
first one will make the menu draw one line too low, the other about 4 line too low.
4.To experience problem with textboxes, click on the drop-down button then
click on the scrollbar of the menu.

Actual Results:
-menu draw too low
-menu's scrollbar doesn't work
-multiple problem with textboxes on webpage

Expected Results:
Either the menu draw normally with a context menu or firefox ignores completely
the right-click on the drop-down menu's button and draw the menu normally
