crash if I want to move a bookmark while FF is tapped browsing and give a warning window.
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; de-DE; rv:1.7.6) Gecko/20050226 Firefox/1.0.1 StumbleUpon/1.9993
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; de-DE; rv:1.7.6) Gecko/20050226 Firefox/1.0.1 StumbleUpon/1.9993

the problem arrives when I want to move a bookmark in the bookmark-sidebar from
one place to another, while FF is loading a webpage in a second tab. when FF
dont find the webpage then a warning-window open ("Warnung: [url] konnte nicht
gefunden werden. Bitte überprüfen Sie den Namen und versuchen Sie e erneut.").
And when I havend finished the bookmarkmove when the warning-window somes, then
FF doesnt respons any instruction. I can close FF only via taskmanager. I
reproduced the problem for 5 times.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. activate the bookmark-sidebar.
2. open the webpage with the url "http://web.psy.herts.ac.uk/" (or every other
webpage that doesnt exist) in a second tab. it is importent that FF need some
time to check that this page doenst exist. (this is essential for this scenario)
3. while FF is trying to load this page achive the following steps.

4. click on a bookmark in the bookmark-sidebar
5. move it into another bookmark-folder or to another place in the
bookmark-list, but (this is importent) dont finish the bookmark-move.
6. hold the mousebutton pressed, so that the bookamrk-move cant be finished.
7. hold in this position until the warning-window arrivs.
8. when the warning-window arrived relinquish the mousebutton (finish the
bookmark move)

Actual Results:
now FF crash and dont react to any instruction

Expected Results:
for me there are two possible way

a/ FF can finish the bookmark-move and after that FF should show the warning-window.

or

b/ FF should stop the bookmark-move, bring the bookmark to it aboriginal place
and should show the warning window.

I prefer alternative b.

what shoudnt happen is that FF crash and you lose all opend webpages.
