All the letter overlapped together, totally messed up and unreadable.
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.6) Gecko/20050223 Firefox/1.0.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.6) Gecko/20050223 Firefox/1.0.1

text in some part of the webpage jammed together and overlapped. this is not a
specific page that showed such problems. i've encountered numerous unreadable
webpage from different website with the same messy problem. wonder why this
problem seems never to be addressed. have thought the firefox newer version
would have correct it, but never so far. the problem is just like part of the
text i am typing now overlapping the text i typed before with a partially
shifted space and mixed up with each other and made it totally unreadable.
this is the reason and one of the major issue that i once delete the firefox
browser and decided not to use it. the other problem is it compatiality with so
many website and their search engines. for example, www.tempo.socalmls.com, a
real estate listing search website for southern californian real estate broker
to do the search. it only support the terrible microsoft's internet explorer,
once you tried to use firefox browser, the whole format simply not right, and
all the function on that website's page and their search engine simply won't
work! i love firefox, it's smart and fast, simply fantastic! it's almost
everything that i want a browser to be and should be, but the text mixup
sometimes are too mind-boggling to be overlooked. i'll keep sending you webpage
that got such problems. tkx for reading a layman's lament. morris

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1.reduce the character view size
2.many time
3.enlarge it

Actual Results:
still the same. certain part of the text(including pictures) just mixed/covered
up by the text and became unreadable at all.

Expected Results:
are there certain directX problems? graphic support? different writing format?
compatialities?
