no HTTP auth dialog when loading chrome url from command line
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.7.5) Gecko/20041217
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.7.5) Gecko/20041107 Firefox/1.0

In the process of developing a custom application using XUL and Javascript, I
discovered that when I load up my application from the command line using the
--chrome chrome://myapp/content/ option, the browser element in my application
should bring up an HTTP Auth dialog so I can enter a username and password, then
let me login normally to my web site. Unfortunately, there is no auth dialog,
it just brings up my browser widget with an Authorization Required error. This
only happens when I load up my custom chrome from the command line. If I bring
up the same chrome from Firefox's address bar, it work fine. I've discovered
that this bug manifest in Firefox version 1.0.1 and 1.0.2, but not in Firefox
1.0.0 - my app work fine there.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Set up a simple web site, use Apache or whatever web server you use to
require HTTP Auth with a username and password to access this site
2. Set up a simple XUL application with a browser element with the src attribute
pointing to above web site.
3. Try invoking the XUL application both by typing in the chrome URI in
Firefox's address bar, and by invoking firefox from the command line with the
--chrome option to bring up the application

Actual Results:
When bringing up the website from the command line ("./firefox --chrome
chrome://myapp/content/", no HTTP Auth dialog come up requesting a username and
password, just get an error message in place of the web site saying
"Authorization Required." Same behavior manifest foe me in Windows and Linux.

Expected Results:
When bringing up the web site from the command line with the --chrome option, it
should bring up an HTTP Auth dialog asking for username and password, then
should bring up the website correctly in the browser element (assuming correct
username and password.)

Bug appears in Firefox version 1.0.1 and 1.0.2, but not 1.0.0. It manifested
for me both in Linux and in Windows 2000.
