No consumer differentiation between Class 2 and Class 3 SSL certificate
User-Agent: Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 6.0; Windows NT 5.1; SV1; .NET CLR 1.1.4322)
Build Identifier:

Class 2 Certificates should be differentiated from Class 3 Certificates.
There are two distinct purpose behind Digital Certificates, one is to encrypt
a browser/server session, and the other is to authenticate that the person you
are talking to IS IN FACT the person that you are talking to. These two
purpose were designed into certificate from the time they were invented by
RSA a well a PGP.

Class 3 certificate are fully validated certificate where a company ha had
to send in their organizational document and have them verified by a trusted
third party. Class 2 certificate are domain name ONLY validated and cannot
be used to truly validate the owner of the certificate.

For example, if I buy a domain name called www.secure-AOL-payment-center.com
and put in the registration information that I am "America Online" then I can
get a Class 2 SSL certificate proclaiming that I am "America Online", which
doe nothing to truly reflect who I actually am.

Someone would not be able to get a Class 3 certificate for that company name,
because they would fail authentication.

In the past, the only trusted certificate authority only offered Class 3
certificates, but since now more and more company are offering Class 2
certificates, it is important to give the customer SOME indication a to
which kind of certificate they are dealing with when they connect to a secure
page.

I suggest that all Class 2 certificate get a silver colored padlock and all
Class 3 certificate be given a gold padlock. Also, when they click on the
padlock for more information, it should give a short description explaining
that it is a Class 2 certificate or a Class 3 certificate and what that means.



Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Connect to https://www.XRamp.com (Class 3 Certificate)
2. Connect to https://www.godaddy.com
3.

Actual Results:
Both site showed a gold padlock and SSL secured. No Differentiation between
Class 3 certificate and Class 2 Certificates

Expected Results:
Differentiation between Class 2 and Class 3 certificate
