login problem: even when i log in,
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.7) Gecko/20050414 Firefox/1.0.3
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.7) Gecko/20050414 Firefox/1.0.3

I have page in sutie at above links. i cannot enter the suite, load my page
becaue each time I log in, fireox apparently lock me back out. And I don't know
what cause the problem, but maybe you should test the suite yourself. I cannot
move from one page to another in the suite without being forced to log in again
and then the moment i try to get to the nxt page am locked out again. doe not
happen with any mailbox...although firefox is incredibly screwy on loading
google news and very frequently claim that google doe not exist.

is it the czech server?

how often reproduced--98.9% time so i give up and go back to IE

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. have membership/ login with suie101
2. have ok'd firefox cooky and do not block pop-up at suite
3. have page within suite which require my login, but not double login
4. log in to get bounced out at any page change
5. after 3months am vey tired of it.
6. should be replicable for anyone else setting a membeship with suite101
7. originally thought that it had somethi to do with minimizing browser and then
re-opening it, but non so.
8. also thought at maybe glitch caused by disconnecting and then shutting
browser after offline--non so
9. discovered that sometime firefox will allow me into the suite if IE ha first
opened the suite and registered me a logged on... in which case why bother
with foxy?


Actual Results:
curse firefox and open IE because czech dialup is 3USD an hour.
USe IE on suite101 and whenever foxy start sending me message that google
doesn't exist.

Expected Results:
I prsume that firefox and suite101 should sniff each otehr and recognize each
other a good friendly puppy and let me slide in

firefox ha also eaten all of my fav's in last month--dnno why but they
mysteriously vanished while on net
and it sent me a bug report checker which also myseteriously vanished although
it failed tor report the bug in browser crashing. I would be very happy to
accept a bugtracker on you behalf. am untechie-- you noticed?



fox 1.02 crashed all the time, but think it had to do with czech server and now
you are on foxy 3
