Installed Firefox 1.0.3 - immediate loss of IE & Firefox-to-internet link, Windows 2000
User-Agent: Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 6.0; Windows 98; Q312461)
Build Identifier: Firefox 1.0.3 install knock out ethernet link to dsl modem

Downloaded 1.0.3 on 04-29-05 23:30EDT from Mozilla website, to Win 2000 SP4
system via working I.E. link to internet via Ethernet 100 and Earthlink-
provided Netopia ADSL modem. Immediately move the .exe file to a new folder
under Programs, then execute the file. Used custom install, selected
Developer's option. Chose to make Firefox the default browser a recommended
by others. Also had install convert various file (favorites, etc.) from I.E.
No install error reported.
Clicked on Firefox icon to bring up browser, entered Google website and GO.
Message tell me that an internet connection cannot be established; asks if I
want to work offline. I decline, close Firefox window.
Click on I.E. icon, open I.E. browser window, enter Google webname and GO.
Identical error message - Internet connect cannot be established.
Dell Optiplex Computer ha built-in 3Com E'net-100 controller. My Computer >
Hardware check say it is O.K. Ditto the software (IVision?? from Earthlink).
Pinging modem result in timeouts. No longer able to bring up Earthlink
diagnostics - they don't see modem either. Though using an Ethernet connect
between computer and modem, there is not another computer or router/hub
involved. Earthlink provides a connect software named WinPoet. Using that to
attempt modem connection provides a 638 error code. Trying to talk to modem
via Firefox or I.E. using modem IP address 172.16.0.254 fails. Am at a total
loss to re-establish computer-to-modem communications. Earthlink's 2nd level
tech support work with me for almost 2 hour without success. Urgently need
help; am submitting this report from another computer at another location.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. download (purported) latest version of Firefox 1.0.3
2. copy downloaded .exe file to newly-defined folder
3. execute the downloaded file
4. attempt to run Firefox - unsuccessful
5. attempt to run (formerly working) I.E.


Actual Results:
Lost ALL ability to communicate with modem

Expected Results:
NOT interfere with a working I.E., absolute minimum. Browse the internet on
it own, really.

Failure location could not be determined by Earthlink's first and second level
tech support teams, even after having me uninstall and reinstall their
software, reset the modem, etc. Used over 2 hour of their time.
