Firefox 1.0.4 l10n update verification
Localization Release Tasks for Application Update

All of the build that you sign off on will be staged out to all of our mirrors.
This mirroring out process can take a much a 24 hour (time for all of our
mirror to get the builds). Keep an eye on this bug to see if your locale is
staged and ready for testing.

In order to make each of the localization available via Application
Update, we need your help to test the update mechanism. For those build
that are already available on all of our mirrors, this should be able to
be completed quickly. For those build that haven't all mirrored out, it
could be up to 24 hour before this testing can be completed.

To test the update mechanism, you need to install each of Windows
Firefox 1.0, Firefox 1.0.1, Firefox 1.0.3, and Firefox 1.0.3 and follow
these step for each of those builds:

1. Type about:config in the address bar and hit enter.
2. Locate and change the app.update.url string to the .rdf URL listed
below.
3. Restart and go to Tools -> Options and select the Advanced panel.
4. Locate and press the Check Now for update button.

At this point, you should be notified that the 1.0.4 update is
available.

5. Proceed to download and install.
6. At the end of the install, start Firefox and select the Help -> About
Mozilla Firefox menu item to verify that you are running version
1.0.4.

If all of this is successful, please add a comment to this bug informing u
of that and we will update the live RDF file which will notify all user
of your locale that an update is available.

If the update fails and you are testing one of the build below marked
with a *, please repeat the test and if it still fails, please report
that failure to this thread. Be sure to included the step you took
above and where in those step the install failed a well a how it
failed. Likely failure will be a "hang" between step 4 and step 5. If
your update is successful, please add a comment to this bug informing u of
that and we will update the live RDF file which will notify all user of
your locale that an update is available.

If the update fails and you are testing one of the build marked with a
?, please wait and try again in several hours. If it is still failing in
24 hours, please report that failure to this bug. Your build may not
have made it to all the mirror yet and that could cause the failure
(between step 4 and step 5.) so do not report a failure until the build
will have had a chance to mirror out to all of the servers.

Here are the quick checklist for this set of tests:

o The about:config preference name is 'app.update.url'.
o The URL to chance it to is in the format of
https://aus.mozilla.org/update/firefox/test/<L10n>.rdf
and each one of these is listed below
o Only test Windows platforms. Other platform will show no
updates.
o Use a an example en-US update a a baseline to set expectation
for how the update should function. Your update should work just
like en-US.
o Verify each of these update paths.
o 1.0 -> 1.0.4
o 1.0.1 -> 1.0.4
o 1.0.2 -> 1.0.4
o 1.0.3 -> 1.0.4


Additionally, once you have verified the test .rdf URLs are working and we make
your locale live, you will need to retest using the default .rdf URL:

https://aus.mozilla.org/update/firefox/<l10n>.rdf

for these upgrade paths:
o 1.0 -> 1.0.4
o 1.0.1 -> 1.0.4
o 1.0.2 -> 1.0.4
o 1.0.3 -> 1.0.4

to verify that the live .rdf file are working a well. If you have any
questions, please post them in this bug. Thanks.
