Problem with jscript resizing script after print preview.
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.7.8) Gecko/20050511 Firefox/1.0.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.7.8) Gecko/20050511 Firefox/1.0.4

Before printpreview, resizing the browser window also trigger the
resizing-script on the stated webpage, which run correctly and resizes and
reposition the various webpage element so make it look "normal" again.

However, after printpreview, resizing the window doe trigger in part the
resizing-script on the stated webpage, but the right and bottom value of the
various element in the webpage are NOT resized and repositioned, cutting it out
of the display. This is NOT a problem with the script on the webpage, a it run
perfectly before printpreview. This bug is FF-specific, a the script also run
perfectly after printpreview in MSIE.

I concluded that Firefox fails to recalculate browser window size value upon
resizing after print preview. However,
javascript:alert(window.innerWidth/Height); after printpreview still give the
correct value, even though the webpage resizer script (which generates value
based on the browser's innerWidth/Height variable) doe not work properly then.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. open http://webxl.5gigs.com/?bugs.html
2. try resizing the window. you'll notice the page automatically resizes itself
when you let go of the mousebutton.
3. now open print preview.
4. try resizing the window now
Actual Results:
5. the page doe not re-adjust correctly. the scrollbuttons on the right are
drawn outside the browser window, and the border on the left-center extends into
the bottom

Expected Results:
5. the page should have resized correctly, with the left-center border being
redrawn at the right size, and the scrollbuttons being redrawn within the
browser window.

the bug corrects itself when the page is reloaded. in other words, after you
reload the page the resizer-script work properly again.
