time out on any website after window XP OS on my laptop/notebook come out of hibernation mode
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.8) Gecko/20050509 Firefox/1.0.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.8) Gecko/20050509 Firefox/1.0.4

I am using the latest 1.04 version of the firefox on my Dell laptop running
Windows XP (updated with latest patches). I start firefox, open multiple tab
and access various websites, everything work fine.

Then I want to turn off my laptop. Now I don't want to close all the open tab
in the browser (as I want to continue surfing later where I left off). So I
put the system in hibernation mode. Everything seems to be fine. Nothing
unusual thing with firefox.

Next time I boot up the laptop, it come out of hibernation mode. I get some
prompt like "resuming window XP" or something. Everything come back to life!
Now when I want to reload certain link in a tab in firefox browser, it start
connecting to the site. For e.g. clicking to reload http://news.yahoo.com, it
say "Looking up host http://news.yahoo.com" at the bottom. But that thing
never completes (I guess some kind of loop) and eventually it time out.

Note: there is nothing wrong with the WinXP on my laptop. Internet Explorer
work perfectly fine after coming out of hibernation. Moreover all other
program work fine. That includes my Symantec Norton Internet Security service
(I can even go for liveUpdate and get them if there are new update available).


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. start firefox and open multiple tab with different sites.
2. put the laptop in hibernation mode
3. restart the laptop; it 'resumes' the last session. Firefox is still there
with all the tab open.
4. click on reload button for any tab. It say "looking up the host http://..."
5. It never return and eventually time out on that site.

Actual Results:
I cannot connect to any site in the firefox browser.

Expected Results:
It should have resolved the host address and connected to it. In case of reload,
it should have reloaded the page.

I guess this bug would be specific to Windows XP OS running on laptop/notebook.
