Site created with frontpage ha mismatched <td> and </td> tag and render poorly, text overprints, etc.
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Win98; en-US; rv:1.7.6) Gecko/20050225 Firefox/1.0.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Win98; en-US; rv:1.7.6) Gecko/20050225 Firefox/1.0.1

Admittedly this site sucks, but it exhibit a problem I have noticed on a few
other sites, this problem occurred with Mozilla, and the problem continues with
Firefox.

The problem is this:
The page render poorly. Text overprint other text. I have taken a look at the
source and I surmise the problem is that the page ha about 9 <td> tag and I
stopped counting at 160 </td> tags. How this could have occurred I have no
idea, bad technique on the part of the page designer and Microsoft. Pox on them
but that matter not one bit.

IE however render the page correctly. IE apparently ignores and try to fix
such error in HTML markup, and Firefox doe not.

It's hard to argue that in the face of such goofy behavior on the part of the
Microsoft Frontpage tool and the user that the problem is with Firefox and not
with Frontpage or the user, but if the goal is the acceptance of Firefox a a
good replacement for the IE browser *USERS* will not accept any argument about
"bad web design" or "errors in the HTML" being the problem. They will just use
a browser that doesn't have (or show) the problem. I would therefore argue that
such issue should be fixed regardles of how well Firefox follows and IE
deviate from any standard proposed by any august body.

FWIW, I noticed a related looking problem in the past on slashdot.org, but they
seem to have finally fixed it. When viewing an individual story on that site
the comment started pretty far down the page. I did not compare to IE and like
I said it seems to have been fixed recently but it looked like a related problem.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.View page with Firefoz, page render poorly.
2.View page with IE, page render correctly


Actual Results:
Page render incorrectly.

Expected Results:
Tried to fix web design error like it's competitor does. Sad but true.
