firefox crash when it attempt to transfer data from "ds.serving-sys.com" sometimes forcing me to restart my computer to allow normal use of firefox again?
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.7) Gecko/20050414 Firefox/1.0.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.7) Gecko/20050414 Firefox/1.0.4

I've been going to this movie news site for years, www.darkhorizons.com. But
now - every time i go there - it cause my firefox to fail without question. It
begin to load the pages, but a the bar on the bottom of my window indicates
that it is: "transferring data from ds.serving-sys.com" - it almost immediately
force firefox to shut down.

If I'm lucky - i can get firefox to open normally and continue browsing other
sites. If I'm unlucky - it will restart firefox when i ask it to, and crash on
any page i look at - including my yahoo homepage. and if i'm REALLY REALLY
unlucky - it won't open firefox at all instead asking me to create a new profile
for firefox, instructing me that the default is not good enough.

NOW - i suspect this problem might have begun after i installed a new extension.
But the problem is i can't figure out which one. The one i suspect is
responsible is Flashblock 1.2.9 - a darkhorizons ha alot of flash ads. AND -
i can't get it to uninstall now. it just won't go away. It tell me that it
will uninstall when i restart firefox - but i've done that and it's still there.

i also added torrentbar, customizegoogle, and ieview if that help any.

So i guess i have two problem techinically - one firefox is crashing. badly.
and two - i can't uninstall that plugin - so i don't know if it is responsible.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.go to www.darkhorizons.com
2.find the news page (if it let you get that far)
3.watch it crash

Actual Results:
firefox crash - microsoft asks me if i want to report the problem. i report
it - nothing is ever done to fix the problem.

in regard to my effort to remove Flashblock - i tell it to uninstall, it say
it will upon restarting - and then it never go away but continues to tell me
the same message time and time again.

Expected Results:
well - with problem one - not crash. it should have allowed me to read about my
movie news without a headache. and with problem two - it should have removed
the extension, but it hasn't.

Build configuration:
Build platform
target
i686-pc-cygwin

Build tool
Compiler Version Compiler flag
$(CYGWIN_WRAPPER) cl 12.00.8804 -TC -nologo -W3 -nologo -Gy -Fd$(PDBFILE)
$(CYGWIN_WRAPPER) cl 12.00.8804 -TP -nologo -W3 -nologo -Gy -Fd$(PDBFILE)

Configure argument
--disable-ldap --disable-mailnews
--enable-extensions=cookie,xml-rpc,xmlextras,pref,transformiix,universalchardet,webservices,inspector,gnomevfs,negotiateauth
--enable-crypto --disable-composer --enable-single-profile
--disable-profilesharing --enable-optimize --disable-debug --disable-tests
--enable-static --disable-shared --enable-official-branding
