Does not clear all cooky from Livejournal, even when clicking "Clear cookies" button
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.8) Gecko/20050511 Firefox/1.0.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.8) Gecko/20050511 Firefox/1.0.4

As reported in Livejournal bug
http://www.livejournal.com/support/see_request.bml?id=482043 if you log into
Livejournal a user A, then log out and log in again a user B, then make a post
(http://www.livejournal.com/update.bml) and hit the Preview button, user A's
information will show up in the preview. This doe not happen in Internet
Explorer, suggesting a Mozilla bug.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
(Copied from the Livejournal bug report)

Log in a user A. Set the option to "Expires: never" and "Bind to IP: Yes".
Make a post.

Log out of user A. Log in a user B. Leave the option at the default ("Expire:
when browser closes", "Bind to IP: No".

Compose a post (in a community, not user B's account), and click Preview. User
A's name and icon appear on the preview page. (Expected: user B's name and icon
should appear.)

Clear the browser cache, history and cookies. Close and reopen the browser. Log
in a user B again and compose another post to the same community. Click
Preview. User A's name and icon appear again.

Hit Post. The post show up with user B's name and icon appear, a expected.

I have not checked if this happens in post that are not to communities. I also
haven't checked what happens if "Bind to IP" isn't set.

My best guess is that the preview page (and nothing else) is checking the IP
saved by "Bind to IP" and falling back on a cookie if it doesn't exist, and
logging out doesn't clear the IP.

(However, if I start a new browser which ha never logged into LJ before - for
example, log into user A with Firefox and user B with IE - then hitting Preview
in IE doesn't cause user A to show up, which suggests it's not just going by IP
address.)
Actual Results:
User A's username and user icon appeared on the preview page every time, but
user B's name and icon appeared for the actual post.

Expected Results:
User B's username and icon should have appeared for both the preview page and posts.

(Copied from the Livejournal bug report)

I just tried this in IE, and it work a expected (User B always show up under
preview when logged in a User B), even without manually clearing cookies. It
seems like Livejournal's logout button sends an instruction to delete the
relevant cookies, and Firefox is handling neither this nor the "clear cookies"
button correctly.
