firefox freeze for around a second when browsing SheezyArt gallery
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.10) Gecko/20050716 Firefox/1.0.6
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.10) Gecko/20050716 Firefox/1.0.6

Well, for very long time I had the following issue. After browsing for very
long, firefox all of a sudden wa starting to open new tab *very* slowly. I.e.
after I clicked on a link, it freezed for a second or two, then finally opened a
tab, or continued loading the page. During such freeze no scrolling wa
working, spinner didn't move (that one on tabs, and or top-right). For a long
time I couldn't reproduce it, nor confirm what cause this, but this wa very
irritating me. I still can't reproduce this, but I found something else. Maybe
this is related:

Recently I stambled upon SheezyArt gallery (www.sheezyart.com), and notice that
on these gallery such freeze happen all the time. When opening main page,
when opening gallery (www.sheezyart.com/gallery), especially when browsing
someone's specific gallery (vensy.sheezyart.com/gallery). For around a second
firefox freezes, then continues. It might not be so irritating, if opening many
link one after another (with the same period a these freezes, i.e.
middle-click a link, wait half a second, middle-click next link, wait half a
second, and so on) didn't cause even longer delays. Sometimes, when I'm trying
to open three or four such picture at the same time, I could manage to freeze
firefox for four second or so. During such time firefox seems to be irresponsive.

Trying to narrow this problem, I deleted my profile, and tried from scratch.
Virgin firefox seems to work a bit better, delay still exist, though it
unfreezes much quicker. However, when I start adding extentions (like Download
Manager Tweak, Tabbrowser Preferences, PrefBar, Adblock, ImgLikeOpera, and so
on), with more I add, more delay grow. I tried, but still couldn't narrow these
freeze to any specific extensions, seems more like the more extentions I have,
the bigger freeze I get. And the strangest thing, is when I then start firefox
in safe mode, or disable all extentions manually, it doesn't help. *Very* weird.

Ok, I tried latest trunk, 20050727-07
(ftp://ftp.mozilla.org/mirror/mozilla/firefox/nightly/2005-07-27-07-trunk/firefox-1.0+.en-US.win32.zip)
which *seems* to operate slightly better, but still ha such freeze on
SheezyArt, which grow with adding of extentions. Also, I'm now noticing that
these freeze seem to grow with time. Disabling memory/disk cache don't help,
tweaking nglayout.initialpaint.delay and related don't seem to help either.

On a sidenote, I understand that this might be due to a badly designed site,
however it's strange that this affect firefox responsivness. Also, I still
can't reproduce nor really catch (just like it's evading me, happening only when
I really need to read something quickly and don't have time to find out what's
going on... and restarting obviously fix that, but sometimes I just can't
restart) what cause another problem, when after some time of a lot of
reading/serfing I get such freezes/delays on *every* site, on *every* new, and
under new I mean not yet visited during *this* session, page (for example:
reading slashdot a lot, then reading compulenta a lot, then going to groklaw,
then going to some galleries, and then sometimes it happens). I can't reproduce
this one, but maybe these problem are related.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. go to http://www.sheezyart.com
2. go to http://www.sheezyart.com/gallery
3. middle-click on some link in this gallery

Actual Results:
I experience freeze of firefox, when for about a second (or even more) firefox
becomes irresponsitive, and doesn't seem to be painting anything.

Expected Results:
If it is really about badly designed site, then expect loading it very slowly,
but no freezes, so I could still be able to scroll existing page, while that
page load in background.

I'm using firefox with following extentions:

Download Manager Tweak 0.6.6
Tabbrowser Preferences 1.2.7.1
PrefBar 3.0.0
Adblock 0.5.2.039
Right Encoding 0.2
miniT (drag+indicator) 0.5
SubmitToTab 0.3.2
Download Embedded 0.1
raw vision 0.0.2
PDF Download 0.5.1
ImgLikeOpera 0.5.5

I have the following plugins:

Quicktime 6.5.1
Shockwave Flash 7.0 r19
MetaStream 3 Plugin r4
Acrobat 5.00 for Netscape
others seem to be default (like MS DRM and the like)

My friend ha Firefox 1.0.6, he's experiencing these freeze too, but not so big
like I do here at work. Also, I have Firefox 1.0.6 at my hope, freeze are a
little less, but still irritating.
