installer re-installs *.js leaving me no option to re-install my *.js and *.cfg file
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.7.8) Gecko/20050511 Firefox/1.0.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.7.8) Gecko/20050511 Firefox/1.0.4

I am a sysadmin of a small company and doing this everytime to 30 computer is
annoying: When I install a new version of firefox it reinstalls all *.js file
and other files.

I have appended to the greprefs/all.js file the following two lines:
pref("general.config.obscure_value", 0);
pref("general.config.filename","firefox.cfg");
so I can load my OWN setup for firefox (which is btw stored on a central
server). Now everytime I install a new version, this is gone, so I need to
append this to the end of the file again, so firefox LOADS my own configuration
file.

This wouldnt be annoying if you do that to ONE computer, but I need to do that
to 30 of them ....

It would be good if there is a file located in one of the directory that is
read by firefox upon startup (the later the better) and is NOT touched when
firefox re-installs, say you make file "greprefs/user.js" that is not touched
but is called by firefox at startup. This way I never need to change MY setup.

Further it would be good if the LATEST occurence of a value, for example

pref("general.config.obscure_value", 0);

would set the value. If I append this line to the script all.js, I still
need to delete the occurence of the line on top of the script or firefox will
not accept the new value. The reason why I do this I like to have
clean ascii text file, which I can edit easily, especially a it is stored on a
central (linux based) web server (i only have linux server and window clients)
for all clients.


thank you
jobst


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.reinstall firefox
2.i need to append my own stuff for my own cfg file
3.

Actual Results:
all configuration file including *.js are the latest (which is ok) but that
doe not help me a I need to rewrite (append) my stuff again.

Expected Results:
Give me a j based file that will NO be changed by firefox installer.

When one set a value, eg pref("general.config.obscure_value", 0); then the
LAST occurence of the value should set it.
