Firefox problem with Win XP Multiple Desktop Powertoy - copy and paste not working
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.10) Gecko/20050716 Firefox/1.0.6
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.10) Gecko/20050716 Firefox/1.0.6

Please see bug #305778 and #305774 for similar, reproducable bug with the XP
Multiple Desktop Powertoy and Firefox. Unfortunately I have been unable to come
up with a set of step to reproduce this bug. However, using Firefox on my main
PC mean I encounter this problem _every_day_ in some form or other.

When using Firefox and having switched desktop a number of time using the
multiple desktop powertoy from Microsoft, copy and paste functionaly stop
working. Listed below are some of the various symptom I have encountered at
various times:

* I can select text in a Firefox tab, but when I right-click there is no copy
option. Similarly cut and copy option are disabled in the menu and the
shortcut key do not work
* Selecting address in the address bar suffers the same problem a above, no
context menu copy option, no main menu option and keypress ha no effect
* On some occasion selecting _part_ of the address in the address bar will
allow that portion of the address to be copied when the whole address cannot (I
have copied address from the bar by leaving off the "l" in .html when selecting)
* The "Select All" menu option wa available when copy wa not, so I tried using
that to copy a page from a tab. After clicking it, the copy option became
available though the text wa not highlighted. Instead, the text in a
_different_ tab wa highlighted and could be copied.
* Pasting can be problematic, especially for text copied from Firefox. On many
occasion I have had to copy text from FF to notepad/textpad, reselect and copy
it before pasting into Firefox.

These are the principal problem encountered. Unfortunately I have been unable
to generate step to reproduce them a of now. If I subsequently do find out how
to reproduce any symptom I will add them to this bug.

Reproducible: Couldn't Reproduce




Though not reproduceable by me, I encounter this problem after continuous FF
usage every day.
