image do not display on refresh
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.10) Gecko/20050716 Firefox/1.0.6
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.10) Gecko/20050716 Firefox/1.0.6

go to this link http://forum.dev.bandamp.com/

it is a list of forum and to the left of each forum title should appear a star
indicating whether there are new post which the user ha not yet read. These
image do not display and it seems semi-random. The page display correctly in
IE6 and the current date's nightly build of Mozilla and Opera8 and Netscape8.

Every time I hit the refresh button the image dissapear, that's the guaranteed
way to "duplicate" this error, is to hit the refresh button. From time to time
the image do appear on the first initial load of the page - i.e. after a system
reboot, SOME time the image will appear, but they then disappear after a
refresh without fail.

I CAN get them to come back if I hit the back button and then hit the forward
button, but yet again, without fail, after hitting the refresh button the image
disappear again. I tried the "full page refresh" by using CTRL-F5 but that
didn't do anything different (in this case) than hitting the refresh button.

The original image are PNG and i've tried using both PNG and GIF just to see if
it wa the image format but the issue happens the same with both formats. I've
also tried numerous slight variation on the HTML code which grab the image but
it never displays. Things like using "gfx/blah.png" v "/gfx/blah.png" and other
variations.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. go here: http://forum.dev.bandamp.com/
2. hit the refresh button
3. hit the back button and then the forward button

Actual Results:
the star picture disappear on step 2 and then reappear after step 3 and they
may or may not appear in the first place on step 1

Expected Results:
the picture should just display, they should never disappear.

The code at the time of testing is XHTML 1.0 Transitional a validated by the
W3C, I will be working on this page only a little bit more so there is an
extremely minute chance that it may not validate at some time during the next 24
hour but I always get my end result page validated so if it doesn't validate
at the time you try it that just mean I'm actually in the process of working on
it and probably WILL validate in the next few minutes.
