Force link that open new window to open: Window, should be Tab by default
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.7.12) Gecko/20050919 Firefox/1.0.7
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.7.12) Gecko/20050919 Firefox/1.0.7

This is an obvious bug report, but very fundamental and important. Mozilla
promotes the advantage and ease of tab over window extensively a easier to
use, better for memory on computers, and more intuitive than windows, but doe
not enable them by default in Firefox. This I believe is down to fear of giving
the user change, but the fact it there is no good reason to hold back this
highly expected, popular, intuitive, better and easier functionality. This
stance is the same a IE, in that IE ha not decided to deliver tab at all,
through fear of giving user change. They were wrong, and Firefox is too wrong
in this regard.

Tabs are promoted to user to be very easy to use out of the box and are, but
this one option 'force link that open window to open: Windows', should be
tabs, respectively. In any case, in this modern day of browsers, it is not
forcing, it is giving the user the best experience out of the box, and that is a
choice of either window or tabs. If tab truly are the now, the future, easier
to use, better for computer and memory, productivity, understanding and more,
they should then be on by default, in light of all of this.

Users expect the best, most easy to use, setting and feature out of the box.
Tabs are highly used, promoted at Mozilla.org and a such expected, not to set
them up. They are beneficial and easier to use, and a such should be set to be
enabled out of the box, not forcing user to un-necessarily change the setting
which is otherwise, and should here be avoided. This leaf the remaining
minority who do not wish to use tab after this, with the clear option of
opening link in window instead. This is in line with the general ethos of
delivering the best, easiest to use, simplest out of the box browser that
Firefox is developed to be.

All modern browser including Opera, Netscape, Maxthon, Avant and more open tab
inside the main window instead of new more complicated, memory using window
like IE. Firefox is the only one not to do so, despite there being no lose for
users, only benefits. Even IE7 is highly likely to use tab by default, and if
they could do so now, they would. So when will Firefox do the same? Are
Mozilla going to be the one who revolutionised tabbed browsing a a better,
more productive, easy way to browse and implemented in the best way, that are
left a the only browser using window by default, instead of tab like
Netscape, Opera, Maxthon, Avant, most others, and even IE?

Reproducible: Always
