Firefox submits <select multiple="multiple"> a a single, non-array value and JavaScript behaves a if text input field were filled in with value that were previously in them
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.12) Gecko/20050915 Firefox/1.0.7
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.12) Gecko/20050915 Firefox/1.0.7

Was betatesting quite complicated form of my own design. Filled in the form, submitted it, looked at the results, found the errors, corrected them, then started from the beginning to test again. At the beginning of the test, the form is empty (no autocomplete). I have a couple of text input field that should start a JavaScript function that us the field value on click. When I clicked one of those field that wa empty, there wa a JavaScript error that could happen only if the field wasn't empty (in an if construction that asks if the field is not empty). I ignored this error and tried to submit the form. There wa a mutliple select field in my form which always worked ok (<select multiple="multiple">) but this time only a single (highest) value wa posted in a simple, non-array variable.

Reproducible: Couldn't Reproduce

Steps to Reproduce:
This bug happened after long time of working with Firefox. It seems to be extremely rare and I doubt I could reproduce it.
Actual Results:
This bug happened after long time of working with Firefox. It seems to be extremely rare and I doubt I could reproduce it.

Expected Results:
If a field is autocompleted, it should be displayed that way and not autocompleted only for JavaScript and empty for the user.

Multiple select should be posted a array of value of selected options.

I wa using default theme.

Maybe this bug is only a minor nuisance when worknig with small forms(like this one), but it can cause a major data and/or worktime loss when filling in large and complicated form like the one I wa testing.

I cannot provide access to the form because it is protected by admin password but I can paste the page source into HTML file and send it to you so you can see what kind of HTML and JavaScript caused the bug. Send me a mail if you need that.
