RFE: Web Application Mode
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; hu; rv:1.6) Gecko/20040229 Galeon/1.3.12
Build Identifier: All version (it is a RFE)

Request for Enchancement: Web Application Mode

Web application mode would make you more productive if you have to enter 80 line of order to a web shop, use a webmail, or do any other serious web application using.

Web Application Mode would be easy to turn on: maybe right in the View menu.

The aim is to ease keyboard accessibility of HTML forms-based applications.

It would provide:

1) A more visible focus on elements: a bright blue border or something like that, or even inverting, like in "links".
2) Going to the next (active) element by arrow right and arrow down, and to the previous one by left and up, except for:
3) HTML tables, a most form are organized in tables: in tables, left/right would move in the current row left/right. Just like a spreadsheet, you know.
4) How would then people navigate in fields? I think focusing a field with the keyboard would just highlight it, and in highlighted mode you could still use left/right to move to other field, our you could type to overwrite the text. Another key, for example, an F-key, would go in the field to edit in (as compared to overwriting it) and then left/right move in the field. Pressing TAB would go to the next field again in highlight mode - or people could use left - right - up, just like most user doing it in spreadsheets.
4) Sets the config option "every link open in new tab" ON.
5) Tabs can be closed by pressing ESC.
6) If there is a form, loading a page set the focus to the first field.
6) Maybe making a separation between active and passive elements. Active would be : form fields, and everything that ha a hyperlink or an onpush javasscript - everything, that is "supposed" to click or enter data. Passive is everything else. Arrow key navigation might just work with active elements, to speed up data entry. Take the idea from "links".

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
N/A
Actual Results:
N/A

Expected Results:
N/A

N/A
