Computer, IBM Vista w/XP, lock up when printing Thunderbird, Firefox w HP psc 2210 all-in-one
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.12) Gecko/20050915 Firefox/1.0.7
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.12) Gecko/20050915 Firefox/1.0.7

My computer lock up the first time in a session I try to print an email or document selected from the web, or first time I try to print email or web document after closing Firefox or Thunderbird and then reopening without shutting down computer. I have to shut off computer, turn it on, go to printer and fax which show document printing, highlight document, then cancel it. Then I have to turn off computer and start it again (Restart won't cut it) in order to have the frozen document disappear from the printer queue.
Printer is HP psc 2210 all-in-one.
Problem is chronic.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Go to either Mozilla Thunderbird or Firebox
2. Select email or document to print and implement print program
3.

Actual Results:
Printer will either lock up immediately or print some information before locking up. Printer copy button blinks, I-bar refuse to respond to mouse movement. Have to force turn off of computer. Wait 30 seconds. Turn on computer. Go to Printers and Faxes, open document and click on cancel. Then turn off computer via start. Wait 30 seconds. Turn on computer, check printer and fax to determine if document ha disappeared or exists. If latter is case, have to repeat previous steps.Sometimes the printer will print out the entire document after restart, other time it wait for new iinstructions.

Expected Results:
I should be able to print without having to restart the computer

Experimented by copying text(s) and saving them in Word. In most instances, I can print wihtout a problem. In one recent instance, the computer would freeze up in the same place in the printout three consecutive time before printing the complete document. During each of the freezeup episodes, I have to go through the fored shutdown, restart, cancel the print project, then shut down and restart the computer conventionally.
