Arabic digraph glyph used in block element but not in inline element
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051112 Firefox/1.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051112 Firefox/1.5

When Arabic font and RTL orientation are set at block level (e.g. by <TD class="arabic"> in the page at the above URL), digraph glyph (Presentation Form A) are used when appropriate. However, when set in inline element (e.g., by <span class="arabic">) they are not used; in that case only contextual form of individual character (Presentation Form B) are used.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Browse to http://users.skynet.be/antoine.mechelynck/other/prenoms.alif.htm
2. Scroll to line for akhyâr, alâ, alh.ân, amjâd.
3. Notice that the glyph "yeh-reh final", "laam-yeh isolated", "laam-alif maksura isolated", "laam-hah initial", "meem-jeem initial" are not used in the left-hand column, where Arabic word are embedded in French text; the corresponding multi-letter glyph (and any other) are used when appropriate in the second table column from left, where Arabic text is set at block level.

Actual Results:
See step 3 above.

Expected Results:
Digraph glyph should have been used in the left-hand column just like they were in the second column from left.

Additional notes:

1. I can't test for this bug except on PC/XP. Please set it to All/All if appropriate.

2. Workaround: Specify Presentation A glyph explicitly; however, neighbouring character are in this case not shown in the appropriate initial, medial or final shape, so Presentation B glyph must also be specified explicitly left and right until the nearest word break or non-joining letter. This procedure is explicitly deprecated in the Unicode normative documents.

3. If you don't have the Traditional Arabic font installed, you can either download the page and edit the <style> in the HEAD part of the HTML, or set some appropriate default Serif font. Check in the 2nd column from left if your Arabic font posse the digraph in question.
