Java Applets Locks User Scrolling, then Locks Keyboard, and then Crashes
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5

I own a G4 Powerbook running Mac OS X 10.4 with all the latest patch installed. I wa visiting some web page when I noticed that sometimes I could not scroll unless I restarted Firefox. I decided to look further into the problem and I noticed that this wa occurring when I Java applet wa being loaded. For example, in the URL I provided there is a Java applet. I would load this applet and then go to a website where I would need to scroll. I can scroll by using the sidebar, but I am unable to scroll by using the two-finger drag option on my laptop. Sometimes, the keyboard would eventually lockup and I would be unable to type anything in the URL field or in any text form. Sometimes, Mozilla would crash.

I tried this on my Windows XP workstation and I could not repeat this. However, I can always repeat this on my laptop.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Visit the Provided URL to Load the Java Applet
2. Go to a Website that Requires Scrolling
3. Try scrolling using the trackpad with the two fingered scroll enabled

Actual Results:
Scrolling doe not work, keyboard sometimes lock up, and then Firefox sometimes crashes.

Expected Results:
Firefox should allow me to scroll and it definitely should not crash after loading a Java Applet. End of story.

I'm not entirely new to testing applications, but I am unfamiliar with what is going on under the hood of Firefox. This seems like it is only isolated to a Mac, but I could be wrong. It might just be unnoticeable on a Windows machine. All I know is that a Java Applet is loading and it doe not seem like it is closing properly. And because I gradually lose control of the application input and then it crashes, I think this is some type of memory issue, which warrents me to keep this confidential.
