Mousewheel scrolling doesn't work while cursor is over autoscroll icon (was: at slow autoscroll speeds)
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5

If you click the scroll wheel (middle mouse click), and move the mouse up or down and start autoscrolling slowly down a page, then, a you are slowly scrolling down, roll your mouse wheel up or down, like you do when you scroll normally using your scroll wheel. It _should_ "sub-scroll" (jump the page up or down three lines) a you are slowly scrolling down. In FF 1.0.x, it would allow a "sub-scroll" at these slower speeds, but beginning with FF 1.5, it will only "sub-scroll" at much faster rate (seems to be at the 3x speed and above). Being able to roll the mouse wheel to jump down a few line while autoscrolling slowly wa very handy in previous verisons. With 1.5, since it'll only work if you're already autoscrolling very fast rate, the text is unreadable a it's wizzing by. Being able to "sub-scroll" at all variable speed (especially the slow speeds) of autoscrolling is desireable and wa something I used everyday until I upgraded from 1.0.7 to 1.5 this week.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Click the mouse scroll wheel (Middle mouse click) to begin autoscrolling.
2. Move mouse _slightly_ down to scroll down a long page _slowly_
3. While slowly autoscrolling, try to roll the mouse scroll wheel, it ha no effect. If you move your mouse down further to increase the autoscroll speed (I've noticed it's like the third autoscroll speed) to a rate where the legibility of text is greatly diminished, then scrolling the mouse wheel works, but at this rate, everything is whizzing by too fast to read.
Actual Results:
Inability of the mouse scroll wheel to work while autoscrolling at slow speeds.

Expected Results:
While autoscrolling at very slow speeds, rolling the mouse scroll wheel up or down should move up or down a few line a in previous version of FF (1.0.7, for example).

To get a nice long page to work with, go to google, set the result to like 100, then type in something like "testing" and scroll through the long page to test autoscroll and "sub-scroll". I also tried enabling the "Use smooth scrolling" option but this disabled all "sub-scrolling".
