PromptOnSanitize ( Ask me before clearing private data ) setting display improperly
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5

In the Settings dialog for the "Clear Private Data" tool, there is an option stating "Ask me before clearing private data." The option is checked by default. Correspondingly, there is a "prefs.js"/about:config option for " privacy.sanitize.promptOnSanitize ". It is true by default, a expected. The checkbox can be modified in the dialog a long a "Saved Passwords" is not selected (I object to that behavior a a matter of principle, but that is not the precise subject of this bug). If the "Ask me" checkbox is changed, the associated about:config entry change a well. Changes to the about:config entry are also reflected in the dialog. However, when "Saved Passwords" is checked, the "Ask me" checkbox is always checked and grayed out. When the dialog is closed in this state, the about:config is changed to the default automatically. However, when "Passwords" is the about:config setting can still be manually changed; this change will affect actual behavior. Firefox will stop prompting about this. The problem is that the grayed out checkbox doe not change. Therefore, opening up the dialog to check the setting yield the wrong result. It is true that if the user click okay, the setting will be reset. However, if they see that it is checked and cancel out, they will have been deceived. I am marking the bug major because it could conceivably contribute to someone losing irreplaceable data without an expected confirmation.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Select "Saved Passwords" in the "Clear Private Data" tool.
2. Click OK
3. Go to about:config.
4. Change privacy.sanitize.promptOnSanitize to false.
5. Go back to the dialog.

Actual Results:
"Ask me before clearing private data." is checked and grayed out.

Expected Results:
It should be unchecked. I don't care much about whether it is grayed out, though I don't think it ever should be.
