Popup blocker seems to stop working after many popups have been opened (extended period of use)
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5

We have an internal application that us popup screen for a variety of functions. In order for our application to work properly, we have to configure FF to allow popups from the application's site, which at first, seems to work fine. The popus appear a expected.

I have noticed that, after extended period of use (several hour and the appearance of maybe 100 or more popup screens), I eventually encounter the message that "Firefox ha prevented this site from opening a popup". If you click the "Options" button, the option available seem to indicate that poups are already allowed fromn this site (which they are). If you look at the list of site from which popups are allowed, the application site is still listed. However, no popups are allowed from that site anymore. The browser will continue to operate in this manner (blocking all popups) until FF is closed and restarted, at which time the cycle begin again.

This condition ha been observed on all released version of FF since 1.0.0, and still occurs on 1.5.

This condition doe not occur on the current release of Mozilla (1.7.11) nor ha it been noticed on any of the previous releases. For this reason, I have been primarily been using the Mozilla browser instead of FF when accessing our application.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. See "Details"
2.
3.

Actual Results:
FF eventually start blocking popups from site that have been configured to allow popups. FF continues to block popups until browser is shutdown and restarted.

Expected Results:
FF should allow popups from all site that have been configured a such, a long a the browesr is operating.

This condition happens in all release of FF since 1.0.0. This condition ha never been observed in any release of Mozilla.
