FF hang on www.cnet.com
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Win98; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Win98; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5

HI I just thought I would let you now about a problem I am having with the lastest version of Firefox: 5.1
I had a big problem with Firefox in that when I typed in the above url above then I waited about five ten mintues until I thought firefox had downloaded the whole site when I pushed the arrow to the right of the screen to make the page go up then when it took a long time for the page to go up and I thought the page had dowloaded completely. This wa probably about fifteen minute then I pushed ctrl, Alt, and Delete all at once then the close dialog box came up saying that Firefox not responding. Then I pushed End tak and another box came up saying that Firefox Cnet where Technology take you not responding. The second box had also said that the program wa either busy waiting for a repose from me or had quit responding.
Then when I pushed end tak on the seconed warning box then Firefox went back to the desktop automatically. Then I double clicked on the Firefox icon and went back into Firefox 5.1.


Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. I had typed in the above url then I pushed enter. Then I waited five ten minute for the above url to load. I then tried to click my right mouse button on the arrow at the right of my browser to make the page go down. When the page seemed to be taking a long time to let me scroll down on the page that is when I pulled up the close Dialog box only to discover that Firefox wa not responding anymore. So then I pushed the button that said End Task. Then a seconed warning box came up saying that Firefox wa not reponding, and that the program wa busy waiting for a repose form me or that it had quit reponding. So then I pushed End Tak and Firefox booted me back to the desktop. Then I double clicked on the Firefox icon on the desktop and went back to surfing the internet.

2.
3.

Actual Results:
I had typed in the above url then I pushed enter. Then I waited five ten minute for the above url to load. I then tried to click my right mouse button on the arrow at the right of my browser to make the page go down. When the page seemed to be taking a long time to let me scroll down on the page that is when I pulled up the close Dialog box only to discover that Firefox wa not responding anymore. So then I pushed the button that said End Task. Then a seconed warning box came up saying that Firefox wa not reponding, and that the program wa busy waiting for a repose form me or that it had quit reponding. So then I pushed End Tak and Firefox booted me back to the desktop. Then I double clicked on the Firefox icon on the desktop and went back to surfing the internet.


Expected Results:
After I performed the step above I wa able to double click on the Firefox icon the desktop and go back into the internet once again.

The firefox browser should have finished downloading the website so I could have viewed the imformation the website and continue browsing without any problems.

Windows 98 second Edition
Dial up
free space: 270GB
used space:130GB
