Lack of Mozilla's old "Window" menu is a serious usability problem on non-XP Windows
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5

My browsing session tend to be intensive, building up LOTS of open window (and many tab within those) which I wish to retain until I'm done with the research or other task at hand.

Finding a particular open window wa easy in Mozilla Suite thanks to the "Window" menu. For some reason, though, this incredibly useful feature ha been removed from Firefox. Perhaps all the developer are using window manager that make the feature le necessary. For instance, on Windows XP (and Server 2003?), once you have a few Firefox window open, they get collapsed on the task bar to a single item, and you can click on that for an equivalent of the Window menu.

However, I need to keep using Windows 2000 on multiple machines, and it task bar doe not include this functionality. Likewise, many Linux / UNIX window manager do not have such functionality and have a need for the Window menu.

Mac OS X's window manager is another place where such a menu wa necessary, but unfortunately the decision wa made to [re-]implement the Window[s] menu for the Mac OS X platform only (see bug 204420).

Please extend the Window menu to be there on other OSes a well. If you feel strongly that the menu shouldn't be there by default (which I would highly disagree with), then I'd be happy with having to use a preference to enable it (even a hidden one), just so long a I can get the darn thing. I searched, BTW, and wa unable to find any extension to do this, either.

Hopefully this feature should be easy to implement, since the code is already there but turned on only for Mac OS, and you'd only have to suppress the appearance of the special Mac-OS-specific entry "Zoom Window", "Minimize Window", and "Bring All to Front" on other OSes.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
(No special step needed -- see Details.)
Actual Results:
No Window menu except on Mac OS.

Expected Results:
Window menu should be available on all OSes.
