Firefox occasionally fails to open, and always fails after repeated keystroke on any firefox program window, shortcut or main.
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5
Build Identifier: Firefox/1.5

The reliability of Firefox or Thunderbird opening on my PC (constantly updated, XP SP2) appears to depend on the duration and number of left-click mouse strokes. After the first failure to open, only a reboot will enable Firefox to open at all. Note, if either FF or Thunderbird *does* open, no further opening problem occur with either. Also, when attempting to restart or shut down, an error message informs that Firefox need to be closed. When I examine Ctrl-Alt-Del after the failure to open, the Applications Window never indicates Firefox is open before the restart/shutdown error message (something like: "Firefox is still open"...) appears. Firefox and Thunderbird are my default browsers. I couldn't find any bug similar enough on your long list when I used keywords "fails to open." Thank you for your help.

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Left-click Firefox shortcut or program icon in Mozilla folder too long, too short, or multiple times.
2. The exact same problem occurs with Thunderbird.
3.

Actual Results:
Firefox doe not open. Thunderbird and IE and Outlook Express cannot open afterwards. Reboot required to enable program to open. The problem is symmetrical when Thunderbird fails to open. IE and OE (gagging sound) do not show same problem when they are tried first.

Expected Results:
Program should open.

I have installed almost no extension to Firefox, indeed only one or two which are rated extremely reliable on the Mozilla site. I use Authentium Antivirus and the MS Windows firewall. My machine is a Sony Vaio RX-860 with a 2.4 GHz P4 with 1.5 GB RAM. I install critical and certain appropriate update from MS Windows update religiously (switching to IE for that function only). I cleanup file and defrag very often. The older version (pre-1.5) of FF had the same problem. When FF and Thunderbird do open, which happens *most of the time*, they work beautifully, great, great software.
