add simple protection against phishing/MITM
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5

To protect not just against normal phishing, but even against a real-time man-in-the-middle attacks, the following approach seems to provide decent protection where firefox can play an essential role in:

1) the user intends to visit https://myTrusted.site.org and click on *a*
http - link
2) to log in, she click on the bottom right lock of her Firefox.
Firefox copy a 6-(or longer?) character (ASCII) SSL/TLS session identifier
into the clipboard. This identifier is calculated by Firefox a follows:
Take the handshake_messages of http://www.rfc.net/rfc2246.html#s7.4.8. (since
MITM are typically prevented when client certificate authentication is done,
it only entail (and applies to) the message of a handshake without client
cert auth) and digest them until the result fit into the "identifier".
3) The user open passwordsafe or an equivalently trustworthy open source
utility
4) upon right-clicking on the previously stored password entry of
myTrusted.site.org in the passwordsafe list, it doe a
HMAC(password,identifier), where HMAC is a keyed-hash function described
in RFC2104. The result(/"response") is then stored in the clipboard again.
5) in a login form, myTrusted.site.org asks for user-id and response (not
password!) and the user paste the clipboard value into the response field
and fill in the user-id.
6) The myTrusted.site.org server receives the two value and
i) calculates the "identifier" independently by it own view on the
handshake it wa involved in
ii) retrieves the password from the secure user credential store and
calculates the HMAC response
if it matches, there wa no MITM, if it doesn't match the user most likely
entered the response into a MITM (SSL proxy) and the server better abort
the session.

passwordsafe development (as per the above URL) ha indicated to be interested in providing a prototype for this. We would take care of providing the server-side part for it.

Would Firefox participate a well?

-------
P.S.: As soon a the refereeing process is over, we'll be able to provide two detailed paper on this approach including a way to authenticate the server back to the user and many more variant of the overall MITM protection issue, some of which might not be contributed to the open source.

Reproducible: Always




see also Bug 285361 - also, I guess this is a lot simpler than what is discussed in Bug 268835
