Logitech Setpoint website shortcut unable to use with tabbed browsing.
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; nl; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; nl; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5

First I would like te note that I also contacted Logitech and they don't know the solution to my problem. I have a Logitech Media Keyboard Elite with the latest Logitech Setpoint driver software (version 2.47 Dutch). The Logitech Setpoint software ha the option to set weblink shortcut to certain special medium key (buttons) on the keyboard. But the problem is that is doesn't work right with the tabbed browsing feature in Firefox v1.5 Dutch. When the Firefox browser is closed and I press on of the webshortcuts on my keyboard, then the Firefox browser is opened and the website open in the first tab, so far so good. But when I press another webshortcut on the keyboard, then a second tab is opened in Firefox and then the problem occurs . The problem is that the very last letter of the URL is missing in de second tab (and the third tab, and the fourth tab and so on!),so http://www.google.com becomes http://www.google.co, so the very last "m" is missing and this happens with every website not just Google. So only the very first tab is working correctly with the Logitech Setpoint software and show the URL with the website correctly. But all other tab opened after the first tab are all missing the very last letter of the URL with all websites, so the website page is not found. The weird thing is that the problem never occurred in older version of Firefox . I did a full reinstall of Firefox and a full reinstall of Windows XP Pro SP2, I started Firefox is safe mode, I started Windows XP in safe mode, but the problem remains. Also there are no error messages. The only solution so far that worked wa installing an older version of Firefox. I also emailed Logitech about this problem, but they can't reproduce the problem and don't know a solution.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Install Logitech Setpoint v2.47 (step 1 and 2 can also be reversed)
2. Install Firefox v1.5 (custom setup, disable the two extra install options)
3. Set Firefox v1.5 a the main browser in Windows XP.
4. Program Firefox to open all link in new tab in the same window.
5. Program the various button on the keyboard to open website with the press of one button.
6. Press one of the shortcut on the keyboard to open the programmed website in the first tab. (this should work correctly)
7. Press another (or the same) shortcut-button to open a new website in a new (second) tab in the same window. (this doesn't work)
8. Optionally press another shortcut-button to open third, fourth, fith, etc. tabs. (this also doesn't work).
Actual Results:
The above show how to reproduce the problem on my pc. Only the first tab is opened correctly, all other tab opened after the first don't open the website correclty when opened with shortcut button on my Logitech keyboard. The last letter of the URL disappears, so www.google.com becomes www.google.co, this happens with al websites.

Expected Results:
All website should open correcly in new tab when opened with my Logitech keyboard shortcut buttons.
