Characters entered into text/input box are repeated; Example: are repeatedare repeated
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.7.12) Gecko/20050915 Firefox/1.0.7
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.7.12) Gecko/20050915 Firefox/1.5

NOTE: Please see 'Additional Information' for download information for Zipkeys. And please bear with me a I attempt to give a complete and clear picture of the error that is ocurring.

We have developed a small Windows tool called Zipkeys that store "user provided data" into 'Buttons' that can be recalled at will, much like and on-screen-keyboard except that any amount of data can be 'stored' in a given button.

Zipkeys is mainly used a a 'Customer Support' tool which can be 'configured' to provide a method of automatically 'Filling Out Forms' on websites. It is this ability that is 'failing' with FireFox 1.5. Any time that we try to fill out a form with FireFox 1.5, the data from the Zipkeys button is repeated. Example, if a Zipkeys button contained the full name of an individual then the text box would be filled with "Richard BeckerRichard Becker" when the Zipkeys button wa clicked.

Please note, This only ocurrs with FireFox 1.5. We have no such problem with earlier version nor do we have a problem with Netscape or Internet Explorer.

It should also be noted that we have tested this on Windows 2000 and XP.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Open the Zipkeys program. (It will stay on top)
2.Open Firefox 1.0.7 (anything other than 1.5)
3.navigate to any URL that contains some sort of text input box
4.Click in the input box to insure the box ha focus. (ie insertion point)
5.Select a button from Zipkeys that contains the data that is used to populate the input box.
6.Click the Zipkeys button and insure that the input box only contains a single ocurrence of the desired data.

Next:
7.Close Firefox 1.0.7
8.Open Firefox 1.5
9.Repeat step 3,4,5 and 6
10.Note that the input box now contains a double ocurrence of the desired data.

Actual Results:
Richard BeckerRichard Becker

Expected Results:
Richard Becker

You can download Zipkeys from www.CNET.com or www.zipkeys.com. Zipkeys come with 30 day free trial and some example buttons. You can use one of these button but you may want to 'shorten' the text. You can do this easily by 'Right Clicking' on the desired button. The 'text' is displayed and you can edit and update it to the desired content. You can also click on the 'Setup' button and edit the content of the button there.

We have customer that use Netscape, IE, Foxfire and a few other that I don't remember. Until Firefox 1.5 all wa well and each browser worked equally a well.

Some of our customer have moved back to Firefox 1.0.7 and said they would stay there until this issue wa resolved with Firefox 1.5.

If you would like to talk with me further you can either email me at rrb@doolicity.com or call be at 303.451.0267.

Thanks for looking into this,

Rick Becker,
Zipkeys Support/Development
