Firefox won't terminate since DSL install.
User-Agent: Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 6.0; Windows NT 5.0)
Build Identifier: 1.5.0.1

Running Win98SE, Firefox 1.5.0.1. ZoneAlarm Security Suite 6.1.737.000. 450MHz PIII, 384 MB Ram. Recently installed SBC Yahoo! DSL service. Since that time Firefox intermittently doe not terminate. I believe my issue is different from similar bug reported in that in my situation, Firefox appears to terminate and doe not show up in the task list (Ctrl-alt-del) however, other software report it is still active and the system will not shut down properly when Firefox doe this. For example, if I shut down Firefox and the problem occurs, I can go to ZoneAlarm and it will show Firefox a an active program. I can run CCleaner to purge my cache, etc and it will report that it cannot delete Firefox cache because Firefox is still running. A quick check of the task list, however, show no listing for Firefox. This is an intermittent problem that happens at least every third time I use Firefox. It happens whether I use the File Exit command or just kill the window. When it doe happen, my computer will not shut down properly and generally will not start properly the next time. If it won't start properly, it boot automatically to safe mode after which I can shut down and restart and everything will be fine. The problem ha occurred when Firefox and ZoneAlarm are the only software running and it ha also occurred when other software is running. Note: I did not have this problem prior to installing the DSL service. I wa running AT&T Worldnet Dial-up service prior to the DSL. That service is also still installed but not being used.

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Start Firefox
2. Shutdown Firefox
3. Repeat no more than 3 time before problem occurs.

Actual Results:
Following step to reproduce, Firefox show to terminate and is not present in the task list but other software report it is still active and the system will not shut down properly, (hangs at the "Windows is Shutting Down" logo screen.

Expected Results:
Firefox should have terminated and the PC should have shut down properly.

I performed a clean install of Firefox 1.5.0.1 including removing all files, profiles, directories, and reference to Firefox from the harddrive a well a the registry before reinstalling. The problem occurred the first time I used Firefox after the reinstall. I also downloaded the "latest nightly build" but wa not comfortable installing it a the install screen referenced a different name for software and Firefox wa not mentioned. Not using any themes, the only plug-in installed wa Macromedia Flash so I could visit Sprint's website. Using Sun Java latest version. Once my DSL service wa up and running, I downloaded and installed the lastest version of Firefox, Thunderbird, ZoneAlarm SS, Sun Java, Windows Update, Adaware, Spybot, Adobe Reader, etc.
