Dial-up dialog still broken for user with multiple ISPs, make Firefox nearly unusable
User-Agent: Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 6.0; Windows NT 5.1; SV1; .NET CLR 1.1.4322; .NET CLR 2.0.50727)
Build Identifier:

My parent use Firefox 1.5. Sorry I don't know the exact build ID, the URL that they downloaded it from, or the date. There is strong evidence that nightly build probably have not improved this bug.

Bugzilla Bug 250960 reported several problem including this one and worse ones. Obviously some of the worse problem have been fixed since version 0.9.2. I cannot find any newer report on exactly this bug so I think that no one took another look at it since then. This is why I think that the problem remaining in version 1.5 ha not likely been fixed in nightly builds.

My parent have dial-up account at two ISPs. At ISP A, they have username AU, password AP, and they have to dial phone number AN. At ISP B, they have username BU, password BP, and they have to dial phone number BN.

In Windows XP, dial-up option can be set in either Internet Explorer or Outlook Express. Either ISP A or B can be set a default. Fortunately my parent can make these setting -- the worst part of bug 250960 are no longer apparent.

When my parent tell Internet Explorer or Outlook Express to dial-up, a dialog appears. The selected default ISP is presented by default, but they can select either ISP before dialing. When they select an ISP, the dial-up dialog correctly switch the selection of ISP name, account username, password, and phone number. For example, if ISP A is the default, they can tell this dialog to use ISP B instead, and it will use username BU, password BP, and phone number BN.

When my parent tell Firefox to dial-up, a dialog appears. The selected default ISP is presented. They cannot select the other ISP. They can select the other ISP's phone number but then Firefox try to log in with the wrong username and password. They can change the property of the default ISP to use the wrong phone number by default. They cannot tell Firefox to use the other ISP's username and password. For example if ISP A is the default, they can tell this dialog to use phone number BN, but they cannot persuade Firefox to use username BU and password BP.

This problem is severe enough that I had to recommend to them to use Internet Explorer instead of Firefox. They don't entirely have to do that. If they start up Internet Explorer and tell it to dial-up, then they can select which ISP and Internet Explorer will dial AND log them in correctly. After dialing, they can start up Firefox and use Firefox for browsing. So they don't have to use Internet Explorer instead of Firefox, they can use the two in parallel. But to a practical person, Firefox is nearly unusable.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Use account at two ISPs with different usernames, passwords, and phone numbers.
2. Set one ISP account to be default.
3. Tell Firefox to dial a connection. Try to tell Firefox to use the other ISP's account instead of the default ISP.
Actual Results:
Firefox allows dialing the other ISP's phone number but doesn't allow authenticating with the other ISP account's username and password.

Expected Results:
Firefox should allow selection of which ISP account to dial and select the corresponding account's username and password together with it phone number.

Thank you for the warning that e-mail address will be visible to spammers. In order to submit this bug report, I use an e-mail address which I rarely check because it is only a target of spammers. Therefore, sorry, I might not see any feedback from you. Therefore I tried to explain the situation very clearly including too much detail and redundancy, but I hope it will be clear.
