Browser repeatedly hang for a few second and resume usability
User-Agent: Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 6.0; Windows NT 5.1; SV1; .NET CLR 1.1.4322; .NET CLR 2.0.50727)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.0.2) Gecko/20060308 Firefox/1.5.0.2

I've had a perplexing problem with both Firefox v1.5.0.1 and 1.5.0.2 that make it impossible to use on this PC alone (I use it on all other PCs without a problem).

During browsing, the Firefox process will hang momentarily--for 2 to 10 seconds--not allowing me to do anything inside the Firefox window, then it will resume normal behavior a if nothing happened. During these freeze-up, I can switch to other applications, which are working fine; and Task Manager say the FIREFOX.EXE process is using 0% processor.

Here are some symptoms:
- hover state no longer function and the cursor stop changing
- the Firefox branded icon in the upper-right corner temporarily change to a generic executable icon
- the window title may add the word "(Not Responding)"

Things I've done to try to solve the problem:
- run Safe Mode
- disable or uninstall Extensions (this happened before I had installed any)
- new profile
- uninstall and reinstall Firefox
- remove/disable any interfering program (anti-virus, etc.)

This PC doesn't have any memory or networking problem that effect other browser or application in this manner.

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open a web page
2. Click link to browse to different pages. Move the mouse over link to watch for hover state.
3. Observe a the browser (only) becomes unresponsive: cannot click or do anything in Firefox during this time.
4. Wait a few second until usability is restored.
Actual Results:
As described above

Expected Results:
You know how browser performance is typically... It may slow while loading page especially in the background, but it not normally like this.

This problem ha persisted thru version 1.5.0.1 and 1.5.0.2 on this PC only. Oddly enough, it seemd to stop for one week, and I resumed using Firefox (since I find it hard to live without!)--but then after the v1.5.0.2 update, the hanging behavior started again.
