The notice "Server Not Found" appears more and more when accessing familiar webpage that older version of Firefox accessed seemlessly
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5

Although this situation ha been reported, the other bug discussion have not taken it seriously. There are lot of reference to it on the Firefox forum, but the Forum ha proven to be woefully inadequate in addressing it.

Ever since I upgraded to Firefox 1.5 I keep getting this message an inordinant number of times:

"Server not found
Firefox can't find the server at kb.mozillazine.org.
* Check the address for typing error such a
ww.example.com instead of
www.example.com
* If you are unable to load any pages, check your computer's network
connection.
* If your computer or network is protected by a firewall or proxy, make sure
that Firefox is permitted to access the Web.
(You note that it even occurred while trying to access a page on the Mozilla Firefox forum!)

I have tried an experiment in which I have tried to access the same webpage with Netscape 7.2, Internet Explorer 6.2009 and Firefox 1.5, and each new version of Firefox up to Firefox 1.5.0.3. Netscape and Internet Explorer connect, yet Firefox just hang there. This problem occurred with Firefox 1.5.0.1 and Firefox 1.5.0.2 I only have a few extension (DownThemAll! IE View Talkback and DOM Inspector) I have read the FAQ and have found nothing to address this problem.

With the latest upgrade of Firefox it sometime seems like I've abandoned my high speed cable connection and gone back to dial up!

Surely someone in Mozilla can explain this persistent sluggishness which doe not occur when I use the older version of Netscape or the current version of Internet Explorer.

Here is a link that stalled and stalled and stalled with Firefox but connected instantly with the hated Internet Explorer and the older version of Netscape. Does anyone have any idea why IE work and Netscape 7.2 workm while Firefox fails?

http://dir.yahoo.com/News_and_Media/Newspapers/?b=60

If you go through the post on the Firefox Forum you will see quite a number of post concerning this Server Not Found bug. The proposed solution are worthless for the most part because the user clearly state that they used to be able to get through to site using Firefox. The problem began WHEN WE UPGRADED Firefox. The problem lie within the newer version of Firefox. I have been bird-dogging this issue in the forum for awhile and have read lot of post about this baffling problem. The one thing that most of u who have the "server not found" problem have in common, is that it developed after we upgraded. The solution all point to Firewalls, anti-virus program and a host of other situation that existed BEFORE we upgraded. We didn't experience the problem before; and we haven't installed new firewall or anti-virus programs. The only thing we have done is to upgrade Firefox. What wa done by the developer of Firefox to Firefox that ha caused this problem? We just upgraded. Why didn't the problem occur in older version of Firefox; doe not occur in Internet Explorer; and doe not occur in Netscape? What critical change wa made to Firefox that is causing the "server not found" problem; and can whatever wa done be turned off or deleted? I miss my old, reliable Firefox.

A defect wa created when Firefox 1.5 wa produced, and that defect ha been carried forward into the subsequent generation of Firefox. It is truly disheartening to see Internet Explorer and old version of Netscape run circle around the now sluggish Firefox.

This bug is for real!

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Click on a link in an open page
2.
3.

Actual Results:
I experience it will all sort of site including Mozilla's Firefox forum! I also experience in when accessing newspaper on this page:
http://dir.yahoo.com/News_and_Media/Newspapers/ It happens intermittently but frequently. I click on a link; the hourglass appears; the bottom of the page indicates that it is accessing or finding a website; the hourglass just stay there until the Server Not Found notice appears.

Expected Results:
It should have opened the page just like Netscape 7.2, Internet Explorer, and pre version 1.5 edition of Firefox did.

Please don't ignore this post. Go through the Firefox forum and you will see that a lot of u are dealing with this pain in the butt. The suggested remedy are not helpful and all presuppose that the user have done something to their computer other than to upgrade to Firefox 1.5 and later editions. The only thing we did wa to upgrade the Firefox browser, just a we faithfully did a each new pre-version 1.5 wa released. The problem ha nothing to do with our firewalls, or anti-virus programs; or any of the other myriad suggestion given by the well intentioned people who give advice in the forum. Something is wrong with Firefox 1.5, Firefox 1.5.0.2 and Firefox 1.5.0.3 Again, older version of Netscape and the current version of the hated Internet Explorer are blowing the door off of the newest version of Firefox. That is really upsetting.
