Bookmarks in Old Folder Destroyed Using Copy, Cut, Paste and Undo to Other Folders
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.0.3) Gecko/20060426 Firefox/1.5.0.3
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.0.3) Gecko/20060426 Firefox/1.5.0.3

Hi,

I found the following problem with the bookmark manager using Firefox version 1.5.0.3.

Basically, I wa doing copy, cut, paste and undo function from/to folder and it blanked out the original bookmark that were selected and copied. To duplicate the issue without having an adverse effect on your original bookmarks. In other words, don't initially to copy bookmark from another folder.


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1) Start Firefox

2) Select Bookmarks-> Manage Bookmarks

3) Create an 'Old' folder and click OK

4) Create two bookmark in the Old folder (i.e. this represents one of your old folder before you get started on this adventure). Note: Old could be one of your original folders, but I'm a nice guy and wouldn't want to mess up your original prescious bookmark like I did.

5) Now, close and reopen Firefox

6) Select Bookmarks-> Manage Bookmarks

7) Create a 'CutFrom' folder and click OK

8) Create a 'CopyTo' folder and click OK

9) Select the 'Old' folder in the left pane

10) Select Bookmarks and then Old in the left pane

11) In the right pane, select both bookmark using Ctrl and clicking the left mouse button

12) Type Ctrl-C and Ctrl-V to create a duplicate set of bookmark in the Old folder

13) Select the duplicate using Ctrl and clicking the left mouse button

14) Drag and drop the selected duplicate to CutFrom

15) Select CutFrom in the left pane

16) Select the two bookmark using Ctrl and clicking the left mouse button

17) Type Ctrl-X

18) Select Bookmarks in the left pane and CopyTo folder in the right pane

19) Type Ctrl-V to paste the bookmark

20) Select Edit-> Undo until Undo becomes grayed out

Actual Results:
The Old folder ha two empty bookmark in it. I didn't expect anything to happen to it since I used the copy (Ctrl-C) command to duplicate the bookmark and use them somewhere else.


Expected Results:
I expected to see is an Old folder with it original bookmark and the CutFrom and CopyTo folder to disappear using the Undo command.


Now, the reason I wa doing the wa to be able to copy and paste bookmark from one folder to another. Intuitively, I expected to create a duplicate list of bookmark in another folder. However, functionally, it doe two odd things:

- First it paste the copied bookmark in the root and not the folder I selected in the right pane (non-intuitive behavior)

- Second it blank out the bookmark in the original folder (bug)

Cheers,
Bob K.
