new URL link "opens" in a background window and thus is not seen!
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8.0.4) Gecko/20060508 Firefox/1.5.0.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8.0.4) Gecko/20060508 Firefox/1.5.0.4

This doesn't always happen, but many times, maybe30 to 40% of the time, when I'm in Firefox and click a link to go to another page, instead of the linked page opeing in the window I'm in, or better yet, opeing in a new window, the link open in one of many other page I already have open. This mean that I can't see where it opened, a it doesn't always open in the page immediately below the one I'm in. This is extremely annoying, a I then have to close or minimize multiple window to find my new page. (I know, it might be easier it I used tabs, but am not yet doing that.) This is also annoying because when it open in another window, I have to hit the back button in that window, to see what I wa looking at previously on that page.
I have this happen on both my PowerBook G4, 1.67GHz with 2 Gig RAM, and on my
Quad G5 (2.5 GHz x 4 CPU's, and 4 Gig RAM), both of which are new machine purchased in 10/05 (although the G5 didn't arrive until 12/05)
Please fix this, and THANKS, I appreciate the hard work you guy (& gals) are doing!
David B

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1.open multiple internet window
2.bounce around like you're looking for something in page link
3.get frustrated because the link "never" opened - it did, only behind another window, while erasing the previous window you purposely left open because you wanted to return to that window later.

Actual Results:
see above summary

Expected Results:
It should have opened the clicked on link either in the same page I clicked from, or better yet, in a new window that would appear on top of all the others, so I would know the new site wa now open and available.

It's extremely annoying to not know whether or not a link didn't open due to some other error v not being sure if it opened under other windows, so you have to search all open window to see if you can find it. (Sometimes a many a 25 open windows/pages. (Not a problem, I have 4 Gigs RAM on my G5)

I consider this a major feature being broken, a it's totally abnormal behavior, and I've never seen this happen with Safari, nor Omniweb, nor Internet Explorer, nor Netscape etc.

Thanks again for your ongoing efforts, know that they are appreciated!
