Pages don't finish loading until refresh
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.0.4) Gecko/20060508 Firefox/1.5.0.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.0.4) Gecko/20060508 Firefox/1.5.0.4

50% of the time page will not finish loading. There are many other similar complaint which are listed a unconfirmed. This started after I upgraded to FireFox 1.5.0.1 and I still have the problem with 1.5.0.4. I have seen this on 3 computers.

Sometimes the page is blank and all network communication will cease. However the revolving arrow on the tab menu indicates the page is still loading. Waiting 5 minute doe not help. If I click "Reload Current Page" the page will appear for about 2 second (and it appears to be complete) before the reload blank the page and start trying to load the page again. Obviously the page is in cache but is not displayed.

Sometimes the page will load and appear to be complete, but the revolving arrow on the tab menu indicate the page is still loading. After 15 second or so, all network communication will cease, but FireFox indicates the page is still loading. In this case, if I click "Stop Loading" the page is OK.

Sometimes the page will display but some image have stopped loading incomplete. All network communication will cease, and the revolving arrow on the tab menu indicate the page is still loading. In this case, "Reload Current Page" will usually reload the complete page.

FireFox -Safe-Mode doe not help (not an extension incompatability).
Same symptom observed on 4 different computers. Three different ISPs, Dial-up and DSL. High speed ISPs seem to behave better than low speed ISPs.

I notice it most on eBay when loading two or more tabs, but the problem is not restricted to eBay.



Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. To best duplicate - Use slow ISP.
2. Open eBay search and open two or more tabs.
3. When network communication cease the page will be blank (but the page is not finished loading)
4. Click "Reload Current Page", a soon a the page appears (less than 1 second) quickly click "Stop Loading" (within 2 seconds) to prevent the reload from blanking the page again.


Actual Results:
Page will not finish loading in a reasonable time. Network communication cease but the revolving arrow indicate the page is still loading.

Expected Results:
Page should load and display.

-Safe-Mode doe not help. Observed on multiple computers, multiple ISPs (dial-up and DSL). This started with FireFox 1.5.0.1. This is intermittant (75% of the time) on many web sites, but most often seen on eBay. Most often seen when several tab are open. It is obvious the page is in cache just not displayed. Clicking on Reload will momentarily display the page.
