Trouble displaying some Asian character correctly in UTF-8 charset page on Western language region system
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X; en-US; rv:1.8.1a3) Gecko/20060619 BonEcho/2.0a3
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X; en-US; rv:1.8.1a3) Gecko/20060619 BonEcho/2.0a3

When viewing a page which us UTF-8 character encoding that contains Chinese characters, some of the character are displayed a "?" or they aren't displayed at all. Only some specific character are affected.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Make sure Firefox is closed.
2. In "System Preferences > International > Format > Region", set your region to United States or Australian (or other Western/English regions)
3. Open Firefox and go to http://tandj.webndchina.com/asiancharbug.html
4. You should see the 1st Chinese character correctly (in green) but all other character are displayed a "?" (in orange). Also the tab title (show tab bar) display "?" for some of the characters. The window title display the character correctly.
Actual Results:
Some Chinese character are displayed a "?" on the page and in the tab title.

Expected Results:
All Chinese character should be displayed correctly on the page and in the tab title.

To display the Chinese character correctly on the page:
1. Make sure Firefox is closed
2. Set your "System Preferences > International > Format > Region" to "Chinese > China" (or other Chinese region). You have to check the "show all regions" check box to see Chinese.
3. Open Firefox and go to the page http://tandj.webndchina.com/asiancharbug.html
4. You should see all the character on the page. Although the tab title of the page (show tab bar) still display some of the character a "?".

I tested this on Mac OS X 10.4.6 on a MacBook Pro with the OS Language set to English and Region set to Australian/United States. The OS Language doesn't seem to have any affect on the results. Only the selected region seems to affect the results.

This wa tested and reproduced with current release of Firefox 1.5.0.4 and latest Bon Echo 2.0a3 build.

When tested with latest-trunk (Minefield) it worked a expected.
