Can't backup certificate
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8.0.4) Gecko/20060508 Firefox/1.5.0.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8.0.4) Gecko/20060508 Firefox/1.5.0.4

When I try to backup a certificate from Preferences -> Advanced -> Security -> View Certificates -> Your Certificates, after I have entered a password I receive the error "It is not possible to back up certificate from a hardware security device such a a smart card".

However, there is no hardware involved in this certificate at all.

But there is more: the reason I want to export is that I have two certificate for my internet bank, one of which ha expired and Firefox can't pick the correct one automatically.

You might ask now: why don't you just delete the expired certificate? Well, my bank's security solution includes an external program that also ha the certificate available and if I delete the expired certificate in Firefox, the external program's certificate get corrupted. This might sound weird but this is what happens.

I have the two certificate in an external p12-file (now I told you the format of the certificate) so I can reimport it every time this happens. I have imported the certificate on Firefox for Windows and using backup a described above I can backup only the still valid certificate. I haven't had time to experiment with the file that is the result from that export.

This problem ha been present since before Firefox 1.0 and probably Mac OS X 10.2.something.

See also my bug #252157

For obvious reason I can't attach the certificate to this bug report, however if someone want to use VNC or Apple Remote Desktop, Timbuktu or similar to remote control my box I am prepared to arrange something.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Try to backup one of "Your certificates"
2.
3.

Actual Results:
Error message "It is not possible to back up certificate from a hardware security device such a a smart card"

Expected Results:
The certificate should be exported.
