Always start in Safe Mode when Firefox is started.
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.0.4) Gecko/20060508 Firefox/1.5.0.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.0.4) Gecko/20060508 Firefox/1.5.0.4

Everytime I open Firefox it tell me that it is starting in Safe Mode and asks me if I want to reset any option and then restart or continue in Safe Mode. It doe not matter what I do, every time I start Firefox I get the same damn message and go through the same process. It is getting really annoying. I have no optional toolbars or "skins" or anything installed. I am using the plain old, unmodified, latest version of Firefox that is downloadable from the official site. I'm just a regular user and I've never had problem with Firefox before. I'm not sure when this problem began, but it may have been after I wa prompted to download the latest update, even though the bloody thing wa working fine, just the way it was. Now I guess I'll have to wait for the next auto update before this annoying problem will be fixed. I can't even tell the difference between Safe Mode and Normal mode. Porn work fine either way, it's just the damned annoying message and prompting every time I start it up. I tolerated it for awhile, but eventually it got onto my nerves, until I became pissed off enough to come here, register an account, and post this bug report.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Start Firefox... only one step, very simple.
2.
3.

Actual Results:
Firefox start... message warns me that I'm in Safe Mode and asks if I want to reset any toolbars, etc.. and restart or continue in Safe Mode. No matter what option I select (or don't select), I get the same message and go through the same damn process everytime I start Firefox.

Expected Results:
How many time do I have to repeat the same thing over and over? Maybe Firefox isn't broken, maybe a wacko designed it and like people to repeat thing over and over again. Expected result = Firefox start without the annoying message and prompter, like it used to.

It's all been said already. No themes, no additives, 100% natural Firefox. I have not modified Firefox in any way. It is the 100% original, latest, version available (that I'm aware of) off the official site.
