HP Jetdirect 170x Printer Server Web Admin with Java just plain stop and never load
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.8.0.4) Gecko/20060508 Firefox/1.5.0.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.8.0.4) Gecko/20060508 Firefox/1.5.0.4

I'm using Slackware 10.2 & I own a jetdirect printer server installed thru the ethernet network.

The jetdirect printer server us embeded java.

I can successful log in to the jetdirect printer server with Opera's latest web browser, Konqueror web-browser.

If I try and use the mozilla or firefox browser, I get java applet started, I see the "sun icon's flashing" around the screen, but the web-admin page never load then firefox or mozilla can even crash.

I can use a default install of slackware 10.2 or a fully updated version of slackware.

I even removed all java, all mozilla product and firefox and opera and reinstalled from source downloads for all and NOT use the package that slackware provides and I get the same thing. Mozilla and/or firefox will not work with this jetdirect printer server at all.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.open mozilla or firefox
2.enter printer server non-routable IP address
3.wait...and wait for long time

Actual Results:
the browser just dy and I have to kill the app

Expected Results:
to be able to log in to the printer server embedded java web page and administer the printer server, or use scan functions, etc.

I can log in to this printer server with Opera and Konqueror.

I have gone to sun/java's test installation page to verify successful installation in mozilla and firefox and the test page say that java is installed and working.

I have successfully created a symlink from the java program directory to the plug-in folder for all user of the java plug in.

that is I have done "ln -s /usr/lib/jre1.5.0_07/plugin/i386/ns7/libjavaplugin_oji.so" in the plug-in folder of firefox on fresh installs.

So bassically I've used the default installation of slackware, updated version of slackware, and dumped all slackware install's and freshly installed all and no working.
