Frameset information is not properly reset when loading a new page
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9a1) Gecko/20060723 Minefield/3.0a1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9a1) Gecko/20060723 Minefield/3.0a1

Whenever I have visited http://www.bbc.co.uk/ before I move to http://www.hattrick.org/, login there and start navigating, the browser window apparently remembers that it ha been named a "main" at the bbc site. This ha the effect that clicking on item on the menu, cause the menu to disappear, a the whole window is named "main", a well a the intended segment of the hattrick page.

This might occur, of course, at other site too. Hattrick might be difficult for others to test, a it requires registration.

The behaviour would be understandable, if I followed link to get to the hattrick page. At such case it would be perhaps impossible to make a difference between intended reference to the top level frame and unintentional.

However, when the user us the bookmark or enters a new address to the navigation bar, all frameset information should be reset.

There is no problem, if I choose the bookmark item and through the right-click-popup-menu choose to open the site in a new window or even a new tab. Apparently these view are initialized properly.

It may be that one factor in this behaviour is that hattrick may use javascript for navigation. I will attach the navigation frame source to this bug report a well a the bbc news source.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open http://www.bbc.co.uk/ (Maybe you need to have a stored cookie so that you get the interational edition.)
2. Clear the address-field on top of the window, enter http://www.hattrick.org and hit enter.
3. Login.
4. Open your own team's submenu and from there the Economics.

Actual Results:
The economics frame content is loaded on the top frame.

Expected Results:
The economics frame content should have been loaded to the content-frame, apparently named "main".
