Search Engine Pulldown doe not expose "haspopup" state
Test environment:
Windows XP, Firefox 2 (Bon Echo) build 20060725, Microsoft Inspect Objects, Window-Eyes beta 5.5M

Summary: Search Engine Pulldown is not accessible

Description:
When you tab to the Search field, there is no indication that a "manage search engine" pulldown is available.

Inspect Objects show no indication that a pulldown list is available, and the screen reader (JAWS and Window-Eyes) make no mention of it. There is a visual cue to tell sighted user that a pulldown exists (the down arrow next to the Search Engine icon in the Search field), but there is no similar cue provided to blind users. The down-arrow button is not in the tab ring, so you cannot access

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Start Inspect Objects (from MSAA toolkit) and/or Window-eyes screen reader.
2. In Firefox window, Press Alt+D or Ctrl+L to move to address/location field.
3. Press Tab to move to the search field.
Window-Eyes announces "Search, Edit field".
Inspect object output:
MSAA Name = "Search",
Role = "editable text",

Expected Result:

The MSAA Role would normally give some indication that a dropdown box is available, and the screen reader would announce that information. (For example, the Firefox location field, to the left of the search field, ha MSAA Role = "combo box", and the screen reader announces that information to alert the user that a dropdown box is available.)

In the case of the search field, the "search engine" pulldown is hidden from the screen reader, and the MSAA property make no hint of it existence. The down-arrow button graphic is not part of the tab ring, and there are no menu bar option to activate this same function. Currently, the only way a blind user can know of the existence of the search engine list is by reading the Firefox documentation.

Possible solutions:
1. Add the Down-arrow (Search Engine list) button to the tab ring, so it is obvious,
2. Add a "Manage Search Engines" menu bar option, perhaps under "Tools". (Perhaps in addition to #1.)
3. Change the role of the search box from "editable text" to "combo box" or something that indicates to the screen reader that there is a dropdown available. (Not sure what the right "role" should be to properly describe this though. The Location field us "combo box" but the Search field is different in that the pulldown list is not directly related to the text being typed by the user, but is related to the icon graphic at the beginning of the Search input field.)
