Unable to add CNET Download.com to software installation whitelist.
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.0.5) Gecko/20060719 Firefox/1.5.0.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.0.5) Gecko/20060719 Firefox/1.5.0.5

Since the introduction of v1.5.0.5 we have been unable to properly complete the installation of xpi file from CNET Download.com.

Upon initiating the download, Firefox doe the correct thing and surface the yellow warning bar which states, "To protect your computer...". However, when the user attempt to click on the "Edit Options..." button the Allowed Sites dialog window doe *not* appear. Therefore, the user is unable to add our site to the Allowed list and is unable to complete the download and installation of the extension they want.

As far a our testing ha concluded, this behavior is limited to CNET Download.com, a we are able to initate the download of and click on the "Edit Options..." button when attempting to install xpi file from other sites.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Go to a product detail page for a Firefox exentsion on CNET Download.com,
ex.: http://www.download.com/3000-11745_4-10534942.html

2. Click on the green "Download Now" button. This action will redirect you to
our post-download page where the download of your file should now initiate.

3. The yellow warning bar will pop-up underneath the address bar. Attempt to
click on the "Edit Options..." button. No action will occur and you will
be unable to download or install the file.
Actual Results:
The user attempt to click on "Edit Options..." but the Allowed Sites dialog window doe not appear. Thus, the user is unable to add www.download.com to their Allowed Sites list and is unable to download and install any xpi file from our site.

Expected Results:
Once prompted with the yellow warning bar, the user should be able to click on "Edit Options..." and be able to add www.download.com to their Allowed Sites - Software Installation list.
