[newprefs] No way to read "save file to" location
Test environment:
Windows XP, Firefox 2 (Bon Echo) build 20060802, Inspect Objects
Optional: screen reader (JAWS or Window-Eyes)

Description:
Two accessibility issue found on the "Main" tab of the Tools-Options dialog.
1. Missing MSAA Name in location text input field
2. Missing "Parent" group property in Download section
3. Contents of "Save file to" selection field is not available to screen reader


Steps to recreate:
1. Open Tools-Options dialog (press Alt+T, then "O")
2. Select the "Main" page (Press Tab or Shift+Tab until focus is on one of the icon at the top of the page, then press Right Arrow or Left Arrow until "Main" is selected.)
3. Press Tab to move focus to the "Location" field.
4. Note that Inspect Objects show the MSAA Name = "" (null). Some screen reader (such a JAWS) use the MSAA Name to tell the user the function of a text field. In this case, the MSAA Name should be the same a the field label, "Location".

5. Tab to the radio button in the "Downloads" section of the Main page.
6. If not already selected, use Up Arrow or Down Arrow to select the "Save file to" radio button.
7 When viewing Inspect Objects you will notice that the parent property is null. The screen reader doe not announce the group heading.
8. The screen reader (JAWS or Window-Eyes) say only "Save file to, Radio button, checked", or something similar. It doe not read the content of the selection box (default = "Desktop"), located between the radio button and the "Browse" button.
9. Press Tab. Focus move to the "Browse" button. Note, again, the word "Desktop" wa not spoken by the screen reader. The screen reader user is unaware of the default selection "Desktop".
10. Press Spacebar to select the "Browse" button. The "Browse for Folder" dialog pop up. Note that the default selection in the "Browse for folder" dialog is NOT the same a the current selection displayed in the "Save Files to" selection box. A blind user ha no indication of what the default value is, and ha no way of finding out.

Note: Visual construction like this (radio button, followed by another UI element like a input field or combo box) are not very easy to understand when using a screen reader, since the screen reader often read only one element at a time, and not the entire line, a a sighted user would naturally do.

Expected results:
1. The MSAA Name property should be set for all User Interface elements.
2. The "Save file to" selection box should be added to the tab ring (even if it is only read-only) so the screen reader will read the information.
