Scrolling is often/usually frozen when another Firefox window is open.
User-Agent: Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 6.0; Windows NT 5.1; SV1; .NET CLR 1.1.4322)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.0.6) Gecko/20060728 Firefox/1.5.0.6

Very typically when I open, or switch window to, an html file with Firefox and I already have another Firefox window open, the Firefox window of interest will not scroll unless I first switch to another already-opened window and click on it and then switch back to the window of interest and click on it a well. After doing all that, the window of interest usually becomes unfrozen and will then scroll a desired.

This is an extremely annoying problem. So I hope you give it high priority for a fix a compared to the "vast" number of other bug you have listed.

I have lot and lot of html file on my computer and Firefox is the only browser that will read many of them. Moreover, Firefox is my default browser and thus need to be working much better with the scrolling.


Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. happens very, very frequently, typically when I have several Firefox window open to several document (e.g., development manuals) and/or downloaded e-mail (html) files, ...

Actual Results:
... but I just tried to reproduce the problem with several newly opened file and the problem did not happen. So my guess is that it might have some sort of time-delay (as if some kind of "time-out" for enabled scrolling). I often have several window open for long period of time and often even through hibernation, which, incidentally, and surprisingly often, seems to have various, usually minor, effect on already-opened windows.


Expected Results:
See above. Unfortunately, it appears even the problem will not show up reliably, at least with newly opened window (i.e., fresh restart of Firefox).

I usually use up and down arrow key to scroll (when scrolling works) and then I resort to using the scroll bar if the up and down key don't work for scrolling (typically for other program which seem to have special scrolling peculiarity of their own), but for Firefox, I don't recall that the scroll bar ever worked when this multi-Firefox-window freeze occurs when first trying the up and down keys, unless I go through the step mentioned above to switch to another Firefox window and click on it and then switch back to the window I want to scroll.
