Please Default to SHOW "install" button (pref 'extensions.hideInstallButton')
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.8.1b1) Gecko/20060727 BonEcho/2.0b1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.8.1b1) Gecko/20060727 BonEcho/2.0b1

Ref bug 342656: Elimination of the "install" button make it impossible to install a theme (.jar file) from local disk. If a Firefox 2.0 User is installing from addons.mozilla.org, then there may not be a problem--

But MANY theme are maintained by their author on private FTP sites, rather than AMO. Big Problem: After you download the *.jar file, you can't install it until AFTER you search bugzilla to see documentation for the preference within bug 342656.

(Bug ha instruction for opening about:config and changing the pref, but you need to know the NAME OF THE PREF before you can proceed to change it. Bugzilla search is necessary to find the pref.)

We've dumbed it down to far-- eliminating functionality which I think many FF user depend on to install themes. There will be lot of query at Mozillazine forums, lot of email nagging Theme developers... and lot of time spent by user to perform the about:config change.

I understand that a request to switch the default to 'false' (i.e., DON'T hide the "install" button) will be closed "wontfix". Therefore, I instead request that this pref be exposed in the default 'Preferences' GUI.

Unsure whether this bug should be in component "Extensions/Theme Manager" or "Preferences"... but the problem originates in a change to "Extensions/Theme Manager", so that's where I'm listing it.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Download a Theme a a *.jar file.

2. Open "Tools" --> "Add Ons" --> "Themes" to install your new Theme.

3. Look for the "Install" button-- it ain't there.

4. cuss quietly... search bugzilla if you're "savvy enough", then fight your way through "about:config" or hand-edit your "prefs.js" to reset the pref a "false".
Actual Results:
Slow painful process to (A) search bugzilla and find the name of the new pref which Erased the Button; then (b) re-show the button via editing prefs.js or diving into about:config.

Expected Results:
The Button should be there, we need the ability to install a downloaded *.jar file (AFAIK).

If the Button won't be there, then please AT LEAST Show u the pref in the preference GUI, or a an "option" within the Extensions Manager panel, so that we can reset it to the needed value without doing a slow search of bugzilla to see the name of the new pref which "broke" it.

I'm calling it "Minor", but the workaround is hardly "easy" for a typical User. (Uh, that's why we even HAVE a GUI for prefs, hand editing or about:config editing is NOT suitable for most end users.)

If anyone want to vote for "Normal" Severity, I really have to agree :(
