Alert message appears after a while in Firefox telling me the there is a problem, I can't seem to figure it out.
User-Agent: Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 6.0; Windows NT 5.1; SV1; FunWebProducts; .NET CLR 1.1.4322)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/Firefox/1.5

One day, out of the blue, I open Firefox and an ALERT message appears. I ignored it and kept on in the browser. Then I started to notice things. I couldn't login in to my e-mail, it didn't let me login to my forums. It basically didin't log me into anything! Then I tried to search on the top-right hand search bar, and still, nothing appeared.I tried to fix it but I had no luck, so I gave up. Not since recently, I've been trying to fix it again and yet it appears again. The ALERT message say a following...

"Could not initialize the browser's security component. The most likely cause is problem with file in your browser's profile directory. Please check that htis directory ha no read/write restriction and your hard disk is not full or close to full. It is recommended that you exit the browser and fix the problem. If you continue to use this browser session, you might see incorrect behaviour when accessing security features."

I went into Mozilla.com and searched for thing that I could do to fix the problem. I did a it said, to make a new profile. I worked for a while. It finally let me login to my e-mail account and any other accounts. I wa too excited to even try the search bar. I went to yahoo.com to download the toolbar and everything went perfect. When I restart Firefox, the toolbar isn't there and i wa logged off of my e-mail account. When I try to log in a agin, the ALERT message appears....AGAIN!!! The next time I tried. I logged into my account just fine and then I noticed I still couldn't use the search bar. And everytime I went to make a new profile, the last profile I had made, wa earase. Even if I fix it and do nothing, after a while, the ALERT message appears again.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Go to the Start Up menu and click Run...
2.type firefox.exe -ProfileManager
3.click on Create Profile
4.click next
5.wirite your/my name or anytyhing to identify the profile
6.click Finish
7.a new profile is made under 'defult'
8.click on the new profile to highlight and then click on Start Firefox

Actual Results:
It work fine for a while except for the search bar, but then it crash again, popping up with the same ALERT message.

Expected Results:
It should have come back to normal!

Since the ALERT message say that there is somthing wrong with the profile, I went to this site ( http://www.mozilla.org/support/firefox/profile#new ) to try and fix it.
