Print job attempt to save file and end process without printing.
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.0.6) Gecko/20060728 Firefox/1.5.0.6
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.0.6) Gecko/20060728 Firefox/1.5.0.6

Whenever I attemtp to print anything with Firefox I cannot get my printer to work. It work for all my other application and for Internet Explorer. I wa trying to print shipping lablels from Paypal when the problem began yesterday. I have since uninstalled my printer and reinstalled it and all associated software but the problem persists. I have tested the printer twice and it is functional. After running several test print I have found Firefox to be the problem. I an unassociated note I also have a problem with stereaming video and playing from a medium player like Creative or Windows Media Player 11. I cannot ace any printer control and the two problem seem interconnected. When I attempt to print I get the "Save file to folder" screen and it is followed by the message "printer failed to print". I also get the message "file could not be sent to printer." This problemn continues after uninsrtalling Firefox and reinstalling it. I suspect an upgrade to this program may be at fault but because this problem appeared in the middle of a print job yesterday my suspicion are dubious. Everything else work fine and it is Firefox that is the problem. The question is how do I fix this?

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open Firefox
2. Go to any website or open any of my account with Paypal, etc.
3. Try printing anything from Firefox.

Actual Results:
After selecting item or ordering the computer to print from a web page I get instructed to "Save file to..." from a save file popup window followed by the message "printer failed to print" when I close the window.

Expected Results:
No printout. A TON of frustration!!!

The computer should have printed what it wa expected to. It never asked me to save anything before. Now I am forced to use Internet Explorer (OH GOD! THAT SUCKS TOO! I HATE IE!}
