Table width problem with user-increased font size.
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8.0.1) Gecko/20060111 Firefox/1.5.0.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8.0.1) Gecko/20060111 Firefox/1.5.0.1

This behavior wa observed on a page which included a simple body of text enclosed in a table of only one column. I'm guessing the purpose of the table "wrapper" wa to enable the entire text to be centered in the browser window (but not centered line-by-line). This wa a "printer-friendly" version of a web page. Only one example URL is provided, but this behavior ha been seen on many web page viewed in Firefox. It is the same in quirk mode or standard mode.
The same bad behavior wa see when filling out the form to report this bug in bugzilla. (The field and description extended past the right edge of the window.)

In Firefox 1.5.0.1 specifically, a well a earlier versions, increasing the size of the display font (either interactively or by setting a preference), cause the table width to widen in proportion to the font size, rather than in proportion to the window width. (Also changing the table width parameter doe not seem to have any effect.) As a result, even a moderate increase in font size (16pt) cause text in a table to have a wrapping margin past the right edge of the browser window.

From a user's point of view, a proportional width table should be sized in proportion to the browser window width. (An 80% width should be 20% le wide than the browser window current width). And a change in the size of the display font should not cause the width of the text-containing table to change. The text should just rewrap to fit within the table horizontally, and the table or cell height should increase to fit the wrapped text.

The current behavior of the browser present an intractable problem for the visually impaired or anyone who need to sit further away from the display.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Size the browser window wide enough to accommodate typical web page using the default font size.
2. Increase the font size to 16pt or more.
3. "table width=100%" content will extend past the right edge of the window.

Actual Results:
Lines of text extend past the right edge of the browser window. Sometimes it is not possible to see all the text even when the browser window is maximized, unless the font size is decreased to a very small size.

Expected Results:
Lines of text should wrap inside the browser window width.
