having most problem on myspace - crashes, hangs, java say runtime error
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.0.6) Gecko/20060728 Firefox/1.5.0.6
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.0.6) Gecko/20060728 Firefox/1.5.0.6

constant crashing of firefox when on this network...recent crash are from CFML server cold fusion from adobe macromedia update 8 for java say runtime error. voiced problem with myspace.com but this is not all. firefox ha had to be reinstalled once already due to visit to this website. window hang and I have talkback installed a ext. this is not working for me anymore. crash recovery seems to not be working well either. I get constant hang of firefox. proxy server problem where it say cannot read the page due to proxy settings. so I installed the foxy proxy will see how it handle now. I really enjoy my firefox since I installed this browser hardly use IE anymore. seems to me the majority of the problem is coming from myspace.com but they wont admit it. myspace suck I know but I have an account with my poetry on it. trying to get published.
I am disabled and communicate with many friends. should this continue to be a major problem guess I will have to leave there. however should be something someone can do. they cannot run the network from their end. firefox ha many work arounds. isnt there a way to be a safer browser without them controlling my internet abilities? is this a java update interference ? I checked my java setting and they are ok read on the internet how to do that. proxy is set for configure properly with firefox. I dont understand this. I have no adware or spyware that I am aware of. I clean my system with adaware. running avg anti virus system. microsoft malicious software tool window defender. etc. seems someone is messing around though sometimes in my system like they have control over my browser activity and I can hardly type a letter in an email when sending message when on myspace server. I dont have this problem in hotmail or anywhere else. now sometimes I cannot close firefox. when on other url page and
seems the browser hangs. doe not want to disconnect. then will have to use the task manager. other than this I dont know how to further explain my problem.
thank you.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.when crash occurs
2.talkback should kick in
3.and a report should be filed with you

Actual Results:
talkback file the report and alert you of the problem and what happened on the browser and what the instability wa

Expected Results:
we discover the problem and find an answer the to issue

performed it function?
