Firefox freeze with more than 3 tabs, is locked with acroreader32(Adobe Reader 7.0.8)
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.0.6) Gecko/20060728 Firefox/1.5.0.6
Build Identifier: Firefox/1.5.0.6

pc clone Perl mobo 3.2ghz, 2 gb RAM

1. I open more than 3 tab or 2 windows, unexpectedly all instance of firefox freeze

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.open firefox in tab
2. open several tab or window Ctrl+N or T
3. freeze up faster, the more tab are open

Actual Results:
see detail above
all windows/tabs freeze

Expected Results:
continued with no problem

2. I three finger and open Task Manager and go to applications, always acroreader32 will be busy swapping cpu at about 19 to 25, firefox will be busily using about the same and sometimes, the taskmanager will be using about 50. Firefox will show to be running usually. sometimes it will be "not running".
3. I will go to acroread32 (why is that actively running???) and stop it. This stop the Firefox with 50 for CPU and will stop taskmanager with 50.
4. I will go and try to open the firefox windows. there will be nothing but the thin header across the top, all the rest is blank. All Firefox window and tab will be this way IF I can even get the others to open.
5. I then go back to task manager and close firefox, this then close ALL instance of firefox. However, MY mailclient and/or my ACDSee etc will remain open. These by the way, are shown a running in TaskManager but using no CPUs.
6. I will wait a few minute and then reopen Firefox and close all the tab and then try running less. I have found that I have to close tab completely and open new instance of firefox instead. but more than two window in the same instance will do the same thing. freeze all of firefox.
7. This is iron clad going to happen every time. I am presently running Agent, ACDSee and three separate instance of Firefox and have been for almost two hours. this seems to be the critical point, TABS and Windows on the same instance of a Firefox will freeze up by calling acroreader32 (Why??) which then get in sync it seems with firefox running the same number of CPUs. until I stop acroreader32. Then Firefox go to a static 50, acroreader disappears and taskmanager go to a frozen 50 also.
8. This ha been going on since loading 1.5, where can I download 1.4?
that is it
