Tab loading sometimes freeze content in multi-tab window
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8.0.7) Gecko/20060909 Firefox/1.5.0.7
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8.0.7) Gecko/20060909 Firefox/1.5.0.7

Occasionally when loading a page (it seems to mostly happen with page from tivocommunity.com and avsforum.com; I'm not sure if it's something specific to those site or just a coincidence), the entire browser window from the location bar down will freeze.

The page will be partly loaded, and the spinner will stop spinning. At this point, if I click on any of the other tabs, the tab bar, the location bar and the content area remain unchanged. However, the window title change to match the title of the page whose tab I clicked. It appears that Firefox is actually switching tabs, but not showing them to me. For example, if I move my cursor around in the window, I get the finger cursor in the place it should show up for the tab I switched to, even though I'm not seeing the content for that tab. And if I click in the location bar, select all (command-A) and copy (command-C), I actually copy the URL of the tab I switched to, even though it's still showing the URL of the previous tab.

I'm not sure this is actually a problem with the tabbed browser, but I have only seen it in multi-tab windows. Of course, it would be a bit harder to identify in a single-tab window.

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Create three tab
2. Load http://www.cnn.com in the first tab
3. Load http://www.amazon.com in the second tab
4. Load http://www.tivocommunity.com/tivo-vb/forumdisplay.php?f=51 in the third tab.
5. Click on the second tab and confirm that Amazon shows.
6. Click back on the third tab.
7. Reload the tivocommunity.com page
8. Repeat 5-7 until the bug appears (you'll know it's happened when clicking on the second tab result in the window title changing to "Amazon.com: ....", but none of the rest of the window change away from TiVoCommunity.

Actual Results:
Window title change on tab click, but nothing else (location bar, tab bar, content area) changes.

Expected Results:
All part of the window should change to display the page for the clicked on tab.
