Javascript event handler are being dropped
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8.0.7) Gecko/20060909 Firefox/1.5.0.7
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8.0.7) Gecko/20060909 Firefox/1.5.0.7

Html emitted from Javascript using document.write is loosing assigned Javascript event handlers, onblur, onfocus, onmouseup etc. are being dropped.

Tested on OS X, 10.4.7, PowerPC G4.
Also reported to me by user running Windows(unsure if XP or win2000).
Affected Versions: Firefox 1.5.07, 1.5.0.8, 2.0-rc1.
Unaffected Versions: Firefox 1.5.0.4 and 1.5.0.6.(Didn't test 1.5.0.5.)
Reproduceable: Always with version 1.5.0.7 and higher.

The problem occurs within a web application written in JS.
I am trying to get a Demo app deployed so the firefox engineer can view the behaviour 1st hand.
Unfortunatley my attempt to create a simple test case have been unsuccessful so far. I will continue to try and create a simple test case.

I understand that not being able to provide a simple set of step to reproduce this problem may result in this bug being ignored or put a a low priority but I wanted to give you guy and gal a heads-up sooner rather than later.

I still need to organise a location to deploy the Javascript applicaton and will update this bug with a URL you can use to view the behaviour ASAP.


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Launch the javascript application at: [URL coming]

2. Select the thumbnail view of a page.(top left). Stamps are displayed on the main canvas(right side).


3. Select one of the grey stamps(not the green ones), textfields are rendered in frame(bottom left). This is where the problem occurs. Each textfield is assigned custom event handlers. A Mouseover these field should set the the selected checkbox to Change or OK. The checkbox "OK" should be checked if no text is in the textfield. If the user type into the question field the selected checkbox should become "Change".

Note: It should NOT be possible to have both "Change" and "OK" checkboxes selected at the same time, however it is possible to select both when the event handler have been dropped ie) the bug allows the implementation of the business logic to fail.
NOTE: This work correctly on FF version 1.5.0.4 and 1.5.0.6, but not 1.5.0.7 and above.


4. Mousing over these field randomly result in the event handler for all the field of the panel to be "lost" or "dropped" (I Confimed this by using a Firefox JS debugger extension called Firebug, that is, firebug show native code method a the assigned event handlers, after the problem arises).
The problem also occurs sometimes when adding a new stamp to the page.
ie) select the stamp tab(top left) click a stamp, draw stamp box square on page. Mouseover text area and sometimes the event handler are lost.

Actual Results:
Event handler are not fired sometimes a they have been "lost".

Expected Results:
Event handler function should be invoked.

This application us multiple frame and framesets. Is built using the DynAPI Javascript API, although I dont think this is related to the problem a the app
ha been working correctly with previous version of Firefox, it wa only 1.5.0.7 and up where problem are experienced.

I have marked the severity a "major". For our client it a big problem a a feature of the application is broken and they now have to run an older version of Firefox for it to work a expected.

I will add a comment with a URL to a demo of the problem ASAP.
