Fails to run launch.asp
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.0.7) Gecko/20060909 Firefox/1.5.0.7
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.0.7) Gecko/20060909 Firefox/1.5.0.7

The URL above is the CYTRIX remote site for my company. Normally I enter name and password and it go on to the next URL

http://nfuse.deepwater.com/Citrix/metaframexp/default/frameset.asp

Then I click "Transocean Desktop" which downloads and run "launch.asp"

This brings up my remote corporate desktop.

Today Firefox loaded a new version 1.5.0.7 this morning. Yesterday (and many day before) I logged on to the corporate site just fine using Firefox. Today instead of downloading & running "launch.asp" the "Opening launch.asp" it say "You have chosen to open launch.asp which is a Citrix ICA Connection from http??nfuse.deepwater.com, What should Firefox do with this file?"

Everything is grey except "save to disk" and when I click "save to disk and OK" it downloads "launch.asp OK but didn't run.

Going to the download directory and clicking on "launch.asp" gave me the message "launch.asp is an executable file, etc." when I click OK I get "Windows cannot open this file" and it asks for the application.

I choose Citrix ICA and it launch fine. It always used to "auto-launch".

I downloaded the Cytrix client again and reinstalled, same same.

IE 6 work just fine, exactly the same a Firefox except it auto-runs lanuch.asp and take me to my corporate desktop. I tried restarting Firefox and rebooting my machine a few time to no avail.

My company is quite capable of changing the enterprise server if that would affect FIrefox and not IE6. It is Monday after all. Tonight I will try the old version of FF and see if it works. This may be a "new feature" from Microsoft.

Ideas?

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.go to http://nfuse.deepwater.com (OK so far)
2.enter username & pw and click "login" (OK so far)
3.Click Transocean Desktop, fails to run "launch.asp

Actual Results:
see above

Expected Results:
should auto-run launch.asp

I will try an older version of FF tonight, it may be my company loaded a new Microsoft "upgrade" grrrrrrrrr.
