New page should be opened in a new window setting is not observed when upgrading but open in new tab instead.
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1) Gecko/20061003 Firefox/2.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1) Gecko/20061003 Firefox/2.0

When installing this build (and previous build such a 2.0 RC1) over an earlier installation (such a 1.5.0.7), under the Tools->Options->Tabs->"New page should be opened in:" setting display that "a new window" is selected a the current setting. However, the browser behaves a if "a new tab" is selected for this setting. As an example, if you open the add-on window, right click an extension and select visit homepage, it will open in a new tab of the existing window rather than a new window.

However, if you make any change to this setting in the Options dialog, it will start working correctly a indicated. So, for example, if you want the behaviour to be "a new window" you must first select "a new tab" then select "a new window" and then it will work a expected. Note that you don't have to click OK between the setting changes. It is sufficient to click "a new tab" then immediately click "a new window" again then click OK in order for the "a new window" setting to take effect. The discrepancy seems to only occur on installing over another version of firefox.

Note: I also tried installing the 20061008 build of bon echo over this build then installed this build back over bon echo and noticed the same issue: "a new window" is selected in the Options dialog but it behaves a if "a new tab" is selected. The workaround described above still work but this indicates the problem isn't specific to upgrading from 1.5.0.7.

I've observed this behaviour on 2 different systems.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Install this build over another existing build.
2.Check that "a new window" is selected in Tools->Options->Tabs->"New page should be opened in:"
3.Click on a link that should open in a new window or open the add-on window, right click and extension and select visit homepage.

Actual Results:
The link open in an existing window a a new tab.

Expected Results:
The link should have opened in a new window.
