Graphics and icon do not display, text and text link display where graphic should be
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1) Gecko/20061010 Firefox/2.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1) Gecko/20061010 Firefox/2.0

Starting 2-3 day ago, whenever I go to Hotmail or Yahoo to check my email, the graphic and icon that normally display, are not there, instead I see either text link or empty outlined box where the graphic or icon should be. If I open an email that contains graphics, the graphic are not viewable, only the empty outlined box.

Regular Menu Buttons seem to work fine.

This ha not happened in the past and I contacted both Hotmail and Yahoo to report this, but they have said they have not done anything that would cause this, and that I should either upgrade my browser or use IE...

I have checked and my setting are correct, javascript is enabled on these site and I have not had this problem before about 2-3 day ago.

I can go to any other website where similar graphic and/or icon would appear and I do not have this problem. I can open email in Thunderbird and if Graphics are a part of the email I can view them, just not at the Hotmail or Yahoo websites.

I noticed that there wa a FireFox 2.0 upgrade, so I installed it, but the same problem is still there.

I have been using these two site (Hotmail.com & Yahoo.com) for checking my email for almost a year and a half without a single problem, while using FireFox. I had not changed or upgraded anything before this happened.

I went to these site using IE to see if that works, and it does, but I do not want to use IE...

Can you let me know what might be done about this?

Thank You!



Reproducible: Always

Actual Results:
It show the webpage without allowing graphic or icon to be seen, and in there place are empty outlined box where the graphic should be, or text or text link in there place.

Expected Results:
I normally see graphic and icon on these pages. When I open email at these sites, that contains graphics, I normally see them, but not any more.

Error message are not noted in any way on the site, and the page do not lock-up or "Crash", just the fact that the graphic and icon do not show up, which cause a bit of mis-alignment.
