Java script console show numerous unresolved items. web page are not complete.
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.0.8) Gecko/20061025 Firefox/1.5.0.8
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.0.8) Gecko/20061025 Firefox/1.5.0.8

I installed IE7 from microsoft. then my homepage using foxfire ha incorrect appearance with some item apparently unresolved. The java console show numerous errors. Weather channel info missing several picture such a cloud in sky. I have used fixfire since it first became available and problem show ip with fozfire 1.5.0.6.0.7,0.8 and foxfire 2.0.System is XP SP2 with all "criticals" installed. Errors do not occur with IE7 OR MOZILLA !! So something ha screwed up foxfire's ability to display my yahoo homepage and certain other pages.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.on my ID I log onto "my yahoo". Homepage is missing some info with other page showing red dot instead of picture or artifacts.Yahoo is my homepage.Amazon page are incomplete.
2.
3.

Actual Results:
I have re-installed several different version of foxfire from 1.5.0.4 (?)thru foxfire 2.0. same error all the time.

IE6 and IE7 both display correct homepage (I delete IE7 to get ie6).MOZILLA also work but I don't like Mozilla (sorry).

Expected Results:
NOTE..this bug is real in my XPSP2 system. I have 2 gig ram and so much harddrive space I cannot imagine any possible hardware constraint. My system is "squeaky clean" and ha never had virus, trojan,or worm to my knowledge a I run numerous checker weekly.

Basically I installed IE7 from microsoft and several version of foxfire all show the same problem. page are missing icon or pictures..usually a small red dot where info should be. I have used "system restore" (relatively not good product) and re-installed IE7 and various version of foxfire. I LOVE foxfire but it isnt working and there is ALWAYS a java script console error log with many "declaration dropped" messages.

I trouble shot software with IBM for 20 year and don't know how to attempt to fix bug myself!! Yahoo, Amazon, and other page do not display properly.
