Restoring many tab with security error can get annoying (have to click through many dialogs)
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.8.1) Gecko/20061024 Iceweasel/2.0 (Debian-2.0+dfsg-1)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.8.1) Gecko/20061024 Iceweasel/2.0 (Debian-2.0+dfsg-1)

FF 2.0 seems to have changed default behaviour for "Security error: Domain name mismatch" popup, which default now to "cancel" (opposite of what it used to be). This have an implication of making my startup time 5 time more, because in the previous version I kept pressing enter zillion times, and eventually it started; now I have to read the popup, click on ok, again and again.

The problem is that I get a popup for http_auth password (which is fine), expired ssl cert and ssl domain name mismatches. Since I have 100+ tab open, starting FF cause some 50+ popups to open, informing me about thing I am already well aware of, since I already acknowledged them when I first opened the page, before the session wa in fact saved.

First I would have liked to suggest to make it possible to optionally revert to the old default, but I guess some security-oversensitive fellow around may have stomped upon me and feed my remains to wild aardvarks. (No, it is not possible to convince half of the rest of the world to fix their webservers, buy IPs, renew their expired certs. I am no God. I have to work with these, that's fact, not a choice.)

So I have a better suggestion: please implement a switch in the session restore feature which - if selected - would pop up only ONE popup, which would kindly inform the monkey before firefox that if I click on OK then I will get no further warning about SSL problem (certs, mismatches, god know what) while the session is being restored [since I already have seen these warning anyway, and agreed to enter the site since if I would have not the site would not have been saved in the session]. I would press OK for the BigFatWarning, and the session would be restored without popups, except maybe password popups (which may, or may not be missed if there is only one stored password for the given site, and the master password wa already given).

It would be so nice to have this feature... but of course it must not be the default, and the user should get the warning due after utilising this. It would be user friendly. ;-)


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open site with expired certs, domain mismatch in 50 tabs, acknowledge every problem with OK
2. Enable session restore
3. Quit firefox
4. Start firefox

Actual Results:
Lots of popups [same a in step 1], some default to cancel [opposite of what wa already chosen].

Expected Results:
No popups, maybe one telling me no further popups.

There is no session restore category in the bugzilla.
