OS/X 10.4.8 - Default FF Install Fonts Overlap / Too Small
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8.1) Gecko/20061010 Firefox/2.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8.1) Gecko/20061010 Firefox/2.0

With the initial install of FF the default font size is WAY too small. Changing the font type and minimum font size work on some sites, but, not all.

If there is a solution, such a recommended font setting for OS/X user it would be nice if it were placed in the FAQ. I'm running at 1680x1050 and the default are way to small, but again, when enlarged, or even trying to find a font substitute end up in font overlapping.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Change the size of the default installed FF font to different setting after doing a google search (to see results)
2.Change default font to Ariel 16 on after any google search.
3.Use the default installed FF font and size, look at google font too small. Going to advanced and setting minimum size to a larger cause font to overlap especially bold and hyperlinks.

Actual Results:
Default installed FF font and size installed is TOO small. Changing the size cause font to overlap. Best way to check is to do a google search, then play with the font settings.

Changed to Ariel 14 a the default, which look equivelent to the default font size in Safari. -- much easier on the eyes.

Expected Results:
Come with a default font set for the particular OS that is tested. Remove the ability to change font in the preferences. If the user want a larger page, let them press CTL + or CTL - for a smaller page.

I rate this a a major problem. I'm a consultant and toying with convering client over to Firefox, especially after the great improvement in stability with version 2.x

I just don't think they / I will be willing to fight font issues. It should just install, run, and display content properly.

Another feature would be the option of toggling between power user and novice mode. Power user mode display all menu and features, esp advanced settings. Novice mode would be a simple interface that anyones "grandmother" could easily use.
