Enhanced branching of forward and back navigation
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.8.1) Gecko/20061010 Firefox/2.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.8.1) Gecko/20061010 Firefox/2.0

Just had an idea to make 'forward' and 'back' navigation even more powerful.

Might be easier to illustrate this with a simple example - I start on page A, and then click a link (or do a search) to goto page B. I then click 'back', to view something I missed on page A, and click another link to open page C. I find what I'm looking for, but I now want to go back to page B.

At the moment, this isn't possible through the standard 'back' and 'forward' buttons. When I click 'back' on page C, I am on page A, but there is no 'forward' to get to page B, a the 'forward' now take me to C.

Of course this is quite trivial in the simple example, but imagine if I went 'back' many many pages, and then forgot which page I wa on originally.

So - it might be nice if Firefox could store all branch of navigation that the user takes, rather than just a linear history. So when I click on the dropdown on the 'forward' button on page A, I get an option of seeing other branch that I previously took.

Of course you could say that one can workaround this whole issue if on page 'A', I just open a new window or a new tab to get to page 'C', to preserve my navigational link to page 'B' - but... how many time have I accidentally just left clicked and lost my navigational link to 'B'.... then have to trawl through my history to find the entry I want....

And then think about the possible extension of this into the History function - a well a a View By Date / Site - we could View "By Navigation" - i.e. have the user be able to see all the navigational trail that they took - this is much more intuitive than a blanket list of all page and site we visited - and can help to remind u about our own thought process while navigating these sites!

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
N/A (Enhancement)
Actual Results:
N/A (Enhancement)

Expected Results:
N/A (Enhancement)

N/A (Enhancement)
