Windows looking locally (and not finding) .URL file after firefox automatic update
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; es-ES; rv:1.8.1.3) Gecko/20070309 Firefox/2.0.0.3
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; es-ES; rv:1.8.1.3) Gecko/20070309 Firefox/2.0.0.3

I use several .url file on my desktop to open commonly used web page in my company. we have 3 computer in our small office, 2 of which use winxp pro and the third one home edition. these have never caused a problem until today.

Directly after a firefox automatic update to the most current version this morning, on all three computer when clicking on any of these link (or new one to random web page like google.com). Windows display a nasty error message saying that the file being accessed by the shortcut wa not found on the local computer and to find the file I should use the window Search box. Perplexingly, next it open firefox and the page being called by the .url file.

nothing else ha changed on these computer (no window automatic update since these I do manually and haven't today. This is why I think it ha to do with the firefox update...is there logic to this? I read in one of the other bug that they were working on a parser for .url files, maybe a bug here?

We were able to directly see the change here since the update happened mid morning and were accessing these shortcut before and after. Again the update is the only change that could have happened on the three computer this morning, all of which display the symptoms.

thanks.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.create a bookmark in firefox
2.drag it from the bookmark menu in firefox to the window desktop
3.double-click on it.
Actual Results:
an error message is displayed by window saying the file wa not found on the local computer and to try searcing for it using the window Search box.
Then the webpage linked to in the .url file clicked on is launched correctly in firefox.

Expected Results:
the webpage is launched correctly in firefox without the preceding window error.

nothing ha changed on these computer except the firefox update. these link worked correctly before the update and now work incorrectly after the update.
