Links inside MS Office Products open Windows Explorer
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.3) Gecko/20070309 Firefox/2.0.0.3
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.3) Gecko/20070309 Firefox/2.0.0.3

Anytime I click a link inside any of my MS Office Professional 2003, this browser open Windows explorer and say it can't find the link. Then it proceeds to open the page anyway. It's annoying, because there's a sound associated with it not finding the link a an executable file. This only started in the last 2 update for Firefox, and I think it only occurs if Firefox isn't already open.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open Outlook 2003
2. Find an email with an embedded link
3. Click the Link
4. Open Word 2003 with an embedded link
5. Click Ctrl+Link
Actual Results:
A loud sound occurs, and Windows Explorer open behind the browser which eventually open regardless of the error. It try to open an .exe file, but I must admit that I haven't paid attention to what file it's trying to open. I switch to that window and Canel it. This doesn't seem to happen if Firefox is already open, a I've tried to reproduce this while creating this bug report and it didn't happen.

Expected Results:
It disrupts what I'm trying to do, and even happens when Outlook 2003 isn't open, and I'm clicking an email address, i.e., ReneeFoxx@msn.com for instance. It shouldn't cause this performance problem, because it take Firefox longer to open a webpage when this strangeness occurs. This doesn't happen if I switch to IE6 a the default browser, so something kooky is happening with Firefox.

It shouldn't invoke Windows Explorer at all, and just open the application associated with the link, be it an office product, or a website link. I do have a software-loaded computer; I'm an expert PC-user, but I'm new to Firefox. This shouldn't happen, and I have no idea where to look to stop it. I've gone through all the preferences, and didn't see anything I could turn off to make this behavior go away.
