submenu positioned off-screen on non-top-aligned secondary monitor
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.3) Gecko/20070309 Firefox/2.0.0.3
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.3) Gecko/20070309 Firefox/2.0.0.3

I'm using a dual monitor system and my primary and secondary screen are bottom-aligned. For example, my secondary monitor ha a larger resolution than the primary, and they are arranged such that the bottom of the screen align on the same Y coordinate, and the top of the secondary monitor ha a smaller Y coordinate than the top of the primary monitor (with Y increasing downwards). Something like the following picture:

[ ]
[ 1 ][ 2 ]

When accessing my Bookmarks menu which is too tall to fit on the screen at once, on the secondary screen, and scrolling to the bottom of the list, and opening a submenu which appears near the bottom of the screen, the submenu open at the wrong position: the submenu is positioned too low on the screen such that it is partially or almost entirely off the bottom of the screen.

Normally, the top of a submenu is aligned with the submenu's parent menu item. If a submenu would be too low to be completely visible, it will be moved upwards (by some offset Y) such that it bottom is aligned with the bottom of the screen, and it top is above the parent menu item. But in this case, the submenu is moving *down* so that the top of the menu is below the parent menu item (perhaps by an equal amount, but in the wrong direction: -Y?).

I confirmed that this doesn't happen for me if I align the top of the screen rather than the bottoms.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Buy a dual screen Windows XP system.
2. Configure the secondary screen to be larger than the first.
3. Align the screen along their bottom edge (In my case, the secondary monitor is to the right of the primary, and the top edge is slightly higher, while the bottom edge line up).
4. Have a lot of bookmark with some hierarchical entry near the bottom.
5. Scroll to the bottom of your bookmark and open hierarchical entry (submenus) near the bottom of the screen.
Actual Results:
Submenus appear positioned incorrectly; they are offset vertically in the wrong direction to compensate for the bottom of the screen. As a result, they are partially or almost entirely off-screen.

Expected Results:
Display submenu on-screen where they have their greatest utility.
