New Window Freezes FF ( may be a result of new window call from I-Frame then main window )
User-Agent: Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 7.0; Windows NT 5.2; WOW64; InfoPath.1; .NET CLR 2.0.50727; .NET CLR 1.1.4322)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.2; en-US; rv:1.8.1.4) Gecko/20070515 Firefox/2.0.0.4

This bug occurs on win xp 64-bit. I am having other developer on our team test on other OSs and FF versions. We have an AJAX web application that emulates a windowed environment ( this is not it function rather a feature ). We use I-Frames to open other page of our app in a main window. We use a new window popup to confirm or cancel a save request. The window is referenced using the same name in both the main window and the popup window. So If I open the i-frame and click save I get the popup and confirm, no problem ever. However, on occasion if I then press save in the main window the popup window appears the content is solid white ( a in it cant repaint ) and FF freezes. Now this doe not happen every time. As a result Im not even possitive of the cause. However, this sequence of event ha yeilded the most freezes. I will continue to investigate a this effect our customers.

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. create I-Frame
2. create new window popup with name "yourname" from within I-Frame
3. close new window popup ( do not destroy I-Frame )
4. create new window popup with name "yourname" from within main window
Actual Results:
I have not tested using this exact sequence, rather this is the most likely sequence based on the way that our application work ( See "Details"). Unfortunatly I can devote only so much time exploring this bug a I have a long list of bug to fix for our own application.

Expected Results:
Fire fox should freeze. The popup window will be white a if unable to repaint. However, The main window while unresponsive doe not go white.

FireFox should not freeze. It should also be noted that our application also run in IE7 and ha not exibited this bug. Also we have not seen this bug thus far so it lead me to believe that it wa introduced in the latest release.
