tabs, other feature don't work right (some feature are third-party)
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.0.12) Gecko/20070508 Firefox/2.0.0.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.0.12) Gecko/20070508 Firefox/2.0.0.4

I installed FF 2.0.04, but neither FF nor IE would open (possible firewall conflict, since resolved) and my theme (blue cats) not compatible, so I used System Restore. Discovered I've got 2.0.0.4 anyway, which is good. Still got blue cat theme, which is good. Yahoo toolbar still works, but address bar often show previous page's address, not current one. All my search engine link disappered from Yahoo or Google toolbar (not sure which had them).
The tab are not good, though. When I hop from a page, blank tab open, but nothing is displayed. Can't close 'em, even though dialog pop up and button presses. New page open, but not tabs. Pages aren't represented in XP's taskbar on bottom of screen, but sometimes they are in ALT+TAB.
Sometimes destination tab never opens. Not often.
If I close an open page, sometimes ALL page close, a if closing down FF instead of just a tab.
ALSO: Yahoo bookmark drop-down list from toolbar is incomplete. Doesn't scroll like it used to, so bottom part of bookmark list doesn't display. Goes only a far a the R's. Is this Yahoo's bug or yours?
OH, and Bookmark Manager won't Import or Export. Dialog box for file picker never opens.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Just click on any hyperlink in web page or email when any page is already is already open. Works a pre-tab brower days, except blank tab also open, but can't be closed.
2. Try to Import or Export bookmarks. Picker doesn't open (ignores command to open).
3.


Expected Results:
Want my tab back!

What should the software have done instead? Acted like a tabbed browser.

BTW, I went to the Reported Bugs list; I found similar problems, but nothing exactly like it. Plus, I couldn't figure out how to add to a report, rather than making a new one like this. I'm an intelligent person, but I can never figure out how to use Forums. I like to correspond directly to the company, like this. I hate forums, especially when company use third-party forums, instead of soliciting comment directly. It's a cop-out
