page info doe not list all embedded object
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X; en-US; rv:1.8.1.3) Gecko/20070309 Firefox/2.0.0.3
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X; en-US; rv:1.8.1.3) Gecko/20070309 Firefox/2.0.0.3

the "spamdunk" vertical banner on the right doe not show up in page info a a rendered object. All shockwave object should show up in the page info window. Also, it is not possible to click on the Type column header to sort page object by type, which would make finding embedded object on large page much easier. Moreso, you cannot Copy the address of link when you select them, making it tedious to add them to banner spam filters. I use this feature in firefox to identify where shockwave flash ad are being loaded from and HOSTing them out, but lately firefox ha become very unreliable for this purpose, and there are no other web browser that have a window anywhere near a complete a firefox's Page Info window. Page Info need a lot of work.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
load the page. You will get several shockwave banners. adsfac.net and inl-images.adbureau will show up in the page info window a embedded objects. HOST them out and reload the page. Some banner will have been collapsed out, but there will still be a couple embedded shockwave object rendering. They will not be shown in the page info window. The object you hosted out will show up in the preview area a broken link which is correct.
Actual Results:
I tried to find where it's being loaded but I don't know javascript too well and the best I could do is to narrow it down to this line, most likely:
<script type="text/javascript" language="javascript">AAMB3();</script>
I can find no reference to AAMB3 anywhere on this page, I assume it's a function being dynamically loaded and there's just no way for me to snag the source URL with firefox in it present state. A lot of the time these ad url are generated dynamically from a random rollup script (tho most of the time the script is in the page, which is not the case here?) so we really need the page info window to work properly to find out where it's pulling them from.

Expected Results:
all embedded object should show up in the page info window, regardless of how they are loaded. anything ff render or cause to be rendered should be in that window. It would be a nice addition to add coordinate in the window to show the upper left point of where on the page the object is rendered. Safari doe this but doe not tell you WHAT it renders, which make it totally pointless. This would make it much easier to identify what entry is responsible for a certain render. (if the page ha 30 embedded object spread all over it, it would be a guessing game currently to figure out which one wa being drawn where)

for hosting out site on macintosh I change the lookupd search order to pull from netinfo before pulling from dns, clear the netinfo cache, and then add a machine entry to point the offending url to localhost. When it try to load the ad, it doe a dns lookup and return localhost since it's in machine and machine is now searched first, and the browser collapse out the ad.
