display:none doe not hide the table row; instead insert whitespace.
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.5) Gecko/20070713 Firefox/2.0.0.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.5) Gecko/20070713 Firefox/2.0.0.5

I have a simple javascript function that just toggle a table row for display:none and display:block. I find that this behaves very abnormally but work perfectly OK in Internet explorer, Opera and other popular browsers.I first used this script on input type=image element. But then I tried with TR element too but result are same. I tried setting the display property to 'none', 'table-row','block', '', but result are same; I don't get the desired result.
As a result of repeated clicks, the table row keep expanding to double it's height each time.
The javascript function go a follows:
function ToggleDisplay(){
var obj = document.getElementById('collapsibleTR');
obj.style.display = (obj.style.display != 'none') ? 'none' : '';
return false;
}

If anyone else ha faced the same problem before or know of any workaround, please respond.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Create a html page with the ToggleDisplay() function mentioned below.
function ToggleDisplay(){
var obj = document.getElementById('collapsibleTR');
obj.style.display = (obj.style.display != 'none') ? 'none' : '';
return false;
}

2. Call this function on some event to expand/collapse a table row. You should name that table-row id=collapsibleTR to use the above function a it is or modify the function appropriately.
3. Invoke the function (preferably by clicking the appropriate control which will call this javascript).
4. Invoke this function about 9-10 time and observe the results.

Actual Results:
Observe that when display='none' is set it just hide the content but doe not collapse the table. There is whitespace in the empty area.
After that when display='block' or display='' or display='table-row' is set, the whitespaces don't go away and the height of the table row is double instead.

Expected Results:
I'm not a programming or javascript expert. But certainly, it is told no where to double the table-row height. I believe that the real problem is with the display='none' part a the other thing would be taken care of automatically once this is fixed.

The cursor:hand also doe not work for table row. These work perfectly OK in Internet Explorer and other popular browsers.
