Browser display window randomly stop working with Alert: Type Error: window._content ha no property
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.5) Gecko/20070713 Firefox/2.0.0.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.5) Gecko/20070713 Firefox/2.0.0.5

Browser display window crash 'randomly' with Alert: Type Error: window._content ha no properties.

I typically have several tab open. The tab bar and everything th window underneath the address bar closes. A single alert window pop up. I choose OK (as if there wa another option), and try to close the program.

If I go to the File dropdown menu to choose close, the dropdown will not open and the same message appears again. I must "X" out of the screen. Typically it will tell me I have multiple tab open and request permission to close them.

Occasionally it will leave foxfile running, so I cannot start it again without using the task manager to discard the old, but apparently running, process.

When I restart Foxfire, it normally asks me if I want a new session or to discard the old ones.

This is not associated with any single or set of web site I can determine, and cannot be reproduced at will (or at least I have not determined the set of circumstances).

My last occurance I wa trying to view the homepage of http://www.engadget.com

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
I have not been able to determine any reproducable conditions.
Actual Results:
foxfire crashes. sometimes stay running in the 'background'. If it is running in the background, I use task manager to kill the process tree associated with foxfile. Foxfile start up without issue, sometimes asks if I want to reload the previously open tab (I don't have the text for that question).

Expected Results:
No crash! Or possibly one 'tab'. Not to require restart of Foxfire overall.

Apparently continue running, and 'fix it' in the background. Worst case, discard one 'tab' and give warning that it is being done due to 'internal error' of some sort.

I hate to put in anything at a Critical level. I can restart and live with it but it doe reduce overall usability of Foxfire.
