GUI performance dropping over time;
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.6) Gecko/20070725 Firefox/2.0.0.6
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.6) Gecko/20070725 Firefox/2.0.0.6

It appears that a Firefox ha more window and more tab open, the GUI thread keep going slower and slower. This IS NOT limited by CPU resource -- when it lock up (multi-seconds at a time), it only "sometimes" is even using the full resource of 1 CPU (25% of total on my 4P machine). This most often lock up when I quickly go down a list of "sites", like on google news or even multiple page like on bbc.co.uk/news -- I press "middle click" to open interesting tab in background -- but after opening a few tabs, the GUI becomes sluggish and unresponsive -- ignoring button press and any GUI updating (indeed, if I pull a window across the FF window at this point, the window won't refresh, but may be corrupt for a few second at a time.

Now I don't what the GUI thread is locking up on, but there seems to be some operation(s) where it is performing the opening of other webpage (in background) *synchronously* from the main GUI thread(s). They lock up while the background tab "start" to open; once the tab start displaying, the GUI will become responsive again.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Go to a site like google news (news.google.com/news)
2. have middle click config'ed to open tab in background
3. start opening multiple tab "quickly"....starts to slow down after 3rd or 4th tab and lock out the GUI. This isn't "right". The open should be happening a a background operation that doesn't lock up the GUI. Note -- it may be CPU bound on 1 processor, but it isn't CPU bound, overall, (cores>1 not used).
Actual Results:
GUI thread get slower and slower until it becomes unresponsive

Expected Results:
GUI thread should stay responsive with "tab" open "enqueued" and performed in background (since they are being requested to open in background!).


Problem might become le visible if FF could use multiple cores, but on Windows, it doesn't (over 25 threads, but none will run on more than 1 core).

I feel it a fairly major flaw that the GUI window is "synchronously" performing "work" that stop it from updating and from being responsive to user input.

The flaw may be addressable on multiple "fronts" - one would be to make sure GUI thread ha higher priority than background threads, but the biggest fix would be to remove "synchronous" operation from the gui thread. It would probably help "hide" the problem if bug 392073 wa fixed (allowing more core to be used), but fixing that bug would only hide the area where the GUI wa performing synchronous operations.
