"page info" -> "permissions" fails to set "allow" exception for cooky
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9a8pre) Gecko/2007090504 Minefield/3.0a8pre
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9a8pre) Gecko/2007090504 Minefield/3.0a8pre

I white-list my site that can set cookies, and I wa hoping to start using the "page info" -> permission dialog, since all my normal cookie management add ons are busted on trunk (and disabled) for the time being.


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. In the option dialog, "accept cooky from sites" is unchecked
2. Go to a site that set a cookie
3. right click -> page info
4. select "permissions" tab
5. uncheck "use default"
6. click on "Allow"
7. close the "page info" dialog
8. open the "page info"->"permissions" dialog again

Actual Results:
The permission dialog show "use default" is still unchecked, but "block" is selected instead of "allow". If you open up the cookie exception dialog from Tools->Options, you will see that a meaningless "Block" exception ha been created.

just for the record, if an "allow" exception is created through Tools->Options->privacy->"exceptions...", ((close "options" window, copy/paste the domain name) or (re-type the domain name)), and click "allow", then going back into the "page info"->"permissions" window will show the correct "allow" exception.

Expected Results:
Because cooky are not accepted by default, clicking "Allow" need to create an exception. I wa almost going to complain that a "Block" exception should never be created in this situation even if "block" wa clicked in the "permissions" dialog, but I can imagine some user might switch between a default block and default allow, and have need for both type of exception at different times. At any rate, clicking "allow" should definitely not create a "block" exception.


This last bit is just my opinion - anyone whose browsing habit and choice require exception to their cookie policy will have to get cookiesafe or some other add-on to use instead of all this, anyway. I can only imagine the type of people who have 0 exception and people who have many exceptions. The Tools->Options->Privacy->"Exceptions..." method and "Page info"->"Permissions" interface are unrealistically cumbersome for regular use, unless there is such thing a a person who will want between 1 and 10 exceptions.
