Firefox refuse to load certain pages, resource or open prefs
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X; en-US; rv:1.8.1.7) Gecko/20070914 Firefox/2.0.0.7
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X; en-US; rv:1.8.1.7) Gecko/20070914 Firefox/2.0.0.7

About 3 time a day my Firefox get into a "mode" where bad stuff happens. The symptom are numerous, but are the same every time:

* Certain page resource will not load suddenly. For instance, reloading slashdot will suddenly not load the .css or any images, though the basic html refreshes. Going directly to the cs will sometimes get it to load. Going back to the main page will then sometimes display with the css, but most of the image are missing.

* Certain whole page will not load. This always happens on reddit links. Reddit link redirect to from the reddit site to the site they're linked to. When I click on one I get a blank page and the address bar show the reddit link, not the real page link. Sometimes clicking in the address bar and hitting return will cause the redirect to happen and go to the real page. Mostly, though, it doesn't help.

* The preference wont open. Today, I noticed that when I tried to open the prefs, a window *did* open, but it wa 1 pixel wide and 10 tall. Apparently the whole thing wa the title bar since all I could do wa drag the little sliver around. I couldn't make it go away. When I try to open the prefs and it doesn't work, it always put a new line in the "Window" menu. But this line is always blank. Selecting the blank menu item doe not bring the little sliver of a window to the front. Right clicking the dock also show a blank line in the list of window (it ha the icon though).

The only thing I can do when this happens is quit Firefox and restart. This ha caused major problem though when it chose to get in this mode right a I wa checking out of a shopping site.

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
I don't know what the cause is, sadly. I just use the browser for a while and suddenly it start acting up.
