Include a bookmark to getmiro.com for new profile in Firefox 3?
While redesigning content handling for Firefox 3, at one point we were planning on inspecting RSS feed to see the type of enclosures, and re-filtering the list of possible application for feed that contained podcasts and video podcasts: http://people.mozilla.com/~faaborg/files/20070521-contentHandling/unifiedContentHandling2.png

As part of detecting podcasts and video podcasts, we were considering including a link to getmiro.com in the respective application drop down in the application prefpane. The rational wa that Windows doe not currently ship with an application to download podcasts and video podcasts, and if the user only ha Firefox and a fresh install of Windows, this feature would be useless.

Even though analyzing RSS feed got cut for Firefox 3, what do people think of potentially still including a bookmark in new profile to getmiro.com?

Pros:

+ Miro compliment the functionality of Firefox well. Firefox is all about consuming image and text, and Miro is all about consuming audio and video. With both applications, user will be able to consume every type of medium delivered to them over the internet.

+ Miro provides a great user experience, so introducing Firefox user to Miro will improve their overall user experience with the internet, even though this now includes interaction outside of Firefox.

+ The Participatory Culture Foundation and the Mozilla Foundation have very similar goal and values.

Cons:

- Adding a bookmark to new profile increase the complexity of our default UI (even if it only in the bookmark menu, and not on the bookmark toolbar).

- Adding a bookmark take u in the direction of the Netscape Whorebar (although this time around it is 501c3-free-and-open-Web whoring, which is perhaps a little more wholesome.)

Overall I recognize that pre-populated bookmark constitute incredibly valuable real estate, but I think including this particular bookmark will improve Firerfox users' experience with the internet, and it is something we should seriously consider.
