Annoying redraw and flicker effect on page with Flash content under LINUX
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686 (x86_64); de; rv:1.8.1.6) Gecko/20070730 SUSE/2.0.0.6-11.1 Firefox/2.0.0.6
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686 (x86_64); de; rv:1.8.1.6) Gecko/20070730 SUSE/2.0.0.6-11.1 Firefox/2.0.0.6

When switching between page with practically the same layout and content Firefox (in it Linux version) redraws not only the Flash object area - instead it redraws DIV content and image a well.
This lead to very annoying flicker effects; on page with Flash content I regard FF under Linux almost unusable - in contrast to Opera (only Linux version) and Konqueror.

For detail see the attachment that I shall create - there you find test file and a test case description.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Use a simple page with some Divs and image + a Flash objects. Copy the page and insert into each page a link to the other and vice versa.
2. Switch between the page by using the links.
3. You will experience that not only the flash object is redrawn, but div content and images, too.
Actual Results:
The described "Flicker" effect is not present in the Windows version of FF (at least not a long a you do not move your mouse directly after a link click) .
However, the effect is really massive and annoying for the Linux version.
See the attachment for a comparison with other browsers!

Expected Results:
Smooth transition between page with basically the same layout and content - despite an additional flash object (which also stay the same). The content remaining constant in the page should not be redrawn or reloaded!

Konqueror and Opera behave much better on a Linux (KDE ) desktop - they only redraw the flash object area of a page. Everything else remains flickerfree, i.e. static for these other browsers.
Surprisingly, Opera for Windows is a bad a Firefox for Linux and redraws the whole page!
Firefox for Windows doe not show the flicker effect - at least not in such a bad manner a the Linux version.
Taking the example of Opera and Konqueror for Linux it seems to be possible to improve FF substantially with respect to it handling of HTML page with Flash contents.
