modal dialog are not capturing keyboard event
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.7) Gecko/20070914 Firefox/2.0.0.7
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.7) Gecko/20070914 Firefox/2.0.0.7

Modal dialog are not capturing keyboard events. Two category of modal dialog exhibiting this behavior I have observed are "website certified by unknown authority" (for request of site with self-signed x.509 certificates) and basic auth. Although the modal dialog ha focus (its title bar indicates it ha focus and clicking on the dialog "ensures" it ha focus), no keyboard event are captured. Nothing can be triggered, such a text entry into input field (like on basic auth dialog), toggling checkboxes with the spacebar, or confirming with ENTER/RETURN or canceling with ESC. This is repeatable even when running Firefox in safe mode. The modal dialog do, however, seem to successfully capture some mouse events. So, clicking on checkbox field will toggle their state and clicking on button will activate those buttons. However, clicking on a text entry field will not cause a cursor to appear in that field or give that field focus, and no entry of typewritten text occurs.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. cause a modal dialog to be displayed; for example, access either a site that authenticates with basic auth or a site that ha a self-signed certificate that is not in the trust store
2. attempt to trigger any event by keyboard within that modal dialog, such a confirming the dialog by hitting ENTER/RETURN

Actual Results:
Dialog doe not register or appear aware of the keyboard events. In addition, text entry field in modal dialog are nearly inoperable when keyboard event are not registered. Note that a mouse-triggered context menu can be shown and, if presented in that menu, the "paste" menu item can be chosen to insert text from the "clipboard" into such text entry fields.

Expected Results:
Dialog is expected to behave equivalently between use of keyboard and use of mouse.

I do have some extension installed. However, it is my understanding that no dependency on these extension would be present when running Firefox in safe mode. And this issue arises when running in safe mode.
