Data of tabbed page seem to be corrupting and defective, and broken up a mouse pointer is run over them.
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.7) Gecko/20070914 Firefox/2.0.0.7
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.7) Gecko/20070914 Firefox/2.0.0.7

Each new tab and data of the page seems to be broken up, the option menu in tool tab a well. All images, links, download ables, etc, broken and line all across the page. line across the scroll bars, the links, the images, website tabs, etc.

Re installation wa done at least 6 times. even after clearing registry.

theme (metal lion vista) re installed.

link to screen shot ha been proveded.

http://img136.imageshack.us/img136/7871/firefoxtaberrorxm0.jpg

property set!

doe not help, problem persists each time a tab is opened and a i scroll down the page and move mouse pointer over links, images, tabs, etc

and the option menu of firefox seems to be broken down too.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Opening new tab
2. Opening option menu of firefox
3. Scrolling and moving mouse around the troubled tab page and taking mouse pointer above link and image and downloads
Actual Results:
Each new tab ha the same results. Pages load but when mouse cursor is moved above them and page content seem to break up, pop up or outlined and misplaced.

ONLY WHEN PAGES ARE OPENED IN NEW TAB!

Expected Results:
same a always!

But the problem persists...




Even after re installation the result are the same and it wa downloaded via mozilla.org

And my friend who use firefox do not have this problem so i am wondering of how this could be solved s it is of a sudden that this all came to be.

And a i am a known firefox user and favorite of it over I-Explorer i wish i could get help on how this could be solved.

But this problem only occurred from the start of October 2007.

So i am thinking what could be the reason to this a i have used firefox from the time i know and remember.

the them i use is metal lion vista and even though i thought it wa the theme update or something like that a usual i un installed the theme, tried other theme and left the default theme too but the problem wa remaining a always from the start of his month and my net connection ha not changed and it only happens when i open a page in a new tab. only the page in the new tab is affected and not the first page on firefox. As in tab 2, 3, 4 contd...

Computer is a intel core 2 duo 2.13ghz, 2 gb of kingston VRam, and virus and spyware free and up to date window xp sp2.
