Cookie dialog in inactive window grab attention from active window
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X; en-US; rv:1.8.1.9) Gecko/20071025 Firefox/2.0.0.9
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X; en-US; rv:1.8.1.9) Gecko/20071025 Firefox/2.0.0.9

I have cookie preference set to "Ask me every time." If I download a page in one window, then go to read a page in another window, a cookie request from the downloading window will force that window to become the active window.

In Mac OS X, I use multiple browser window rather than tabs, so that I can use the Expose feature. I tend to download in one window, then switch to another window to read content while the first page downloads. However, if the downloading page set a new cookie, the Allow/Allow for Session/Deny dialog box grab attention back from the window where I am reading, disrupting my reading.

I do not want my reading disrupted. I'll go back to that other window when I darn well please.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
On a dial-up connection:

1. Clear out all cookie sites.
2. Set cookie preference to Ask Every Time.
3. OK preferences.
4. File > New Window. (1st time)
5. File > New Window. (2nd time)
6. Enter an URL for a site that doe not set cookies, and press ENTER.
7. Without waiting for that page to download, go to the other window. (For example, press F10 and choose that other window.)
8. In the new current window, enter a URL for a site that ha a lot of graphic and set cookies, and press ENTER.
9. Without waiting for that page to download, go back to the first window to view the page loaded in step 6. (For example, press F10 and choose that other window.)
10. Wait.


9.
Actual Results:
11. When the page downloaded in step 8 try to set the cookie, that window becomes the active window and display a dialog box. The page that wa downloaded in step 6 is no longer readable.

Expected Results:
Option 1:

11. When the page downloaded in step 8 try to set the cookie, the page downloaded in step 6 remains visible and active. Firefox wait until I intentionally switch focus back to the step 8 window before displaying the dialog box.

Option 2:

11. When the page downloaded in step 8 try to set the cookie, the page downloaded in step 6 remains visible and active. Firefox wait until I press F9 (display all windows) or F10 (display Firefox windows) before displaying the dialog box.

Option 3:

11. When the page downloaded in step 8 try to set the cookie, the page downloaded in step 6 remains visible and active. Firefox bounce it's icon in the dock to indicate it need attention.
