Malicious web site resizes Firefox and call alert(), making it seem a if Firefox ha crashed and offering a sketchy "solution"
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.9) Gecko/20071025 Firefox/2.0.0.9
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.9) Gecko/20071025 Firefox/2.0.0.9

mozilla browser crashes. false "error message" appears asking me to download. it say "error detected. the page at http://fixthemnow.com say notice your system is not optimized and your computer...would you like to install fixthemnow. when I again double-click on mozilla browser icon it appears only in a tiny window in the upper right of screen, then I must hit the enlarge square to have mozilla browser fill my screen (and start all over again from my home page). this bug ha appeared under different name such a Drivecleaner.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. It happens when I've opened the mozilla browser. sometimes there is a delay and sometimes it is immediate like tonight.
2.I have several tabs. It might be that I am going between tabs. not sure about this.
3.
Actual Results:
entire mozilla browser crashes. I lose any website I wa on. Error message appears asking me to click on it per information above, e.g. 'your system is not optimized...' I ignore message and go to original mozilla icon on screen and again double-click to open. It open to a small window rather than filling the entire page and doe not show me my homepage. I then click on that tiny window with the square to enlarge the screen and only then doe my homepage appear. all website I had been logged onto are no longer apparent, and I start from the beginning again. "error detected" remains on my screen. It crash only that once and I do not put my mouse on the "error detected" which asks me to download something.
When I've closed my computer shutting down all tab on mozilla, and then turn on computer another time and open mozilla browser, message often say mozilla wa never correctly shut down and option is offered do I want to continue a it wa or start a new screen with mozilla. this is even though I have properly closed out of the second opening of mozilla. this happens because the bug improperly closed the first mozilla browser window.

Expected Results:
The mozilla browser should not have crashed and I should not have to begin over again to open the browser. When I shutdown the computer and go another time to open mozilla, I get the valid message saying that mozilla wa never shut down properly and do I want to go back to how it wa or to a new screen.

it is mozilla that crash -- not the computer that crashes. The error message asks me to go to their website and try their material, e.g. "would you like to install fixthemnow to optimize your computer performance for free, and then I'm offered option yes or no.

this ha appeared under different name such a drivecleaner.com fixthemnow.com
