Flash plugin in Firefox only doe not appear to use local file reference when accessing external swf file
User-Agent: Opera/9.24 (Windows NT 6.0; U; en)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.8.1.9) Gecko/20071025 Firefox/2.0.0.9 AND latest trunk version of minefield

Ok, so this is a tough one... here goes.

We have a website called: www.vocabulary.co.il which a bunch of flash based game on it. The specific game that ha been causing u problem wa the "Match" game. This game in particular us the Flash loadMovieNum command to load external SWF file into the movie.

This game wa working fine on all platform until we tested it on an upgraded Firefox system (2.x and up) with Flash 9.x (not sure on other configurations). When the Flash wa getting stuck on downloading the external SWF files.

After an exhausitive examination we found out that the problem wa that we had enabled hot link protection on the site to prevent other site from referring to our swf file directly without our permission. Turns out that the Firefox / Flash configuration doe not work well with this option enabled. We found two work arounds:

1. Disable hot link protection or
2. Add our site to the list of site that are allowed to refer to swf files.

What doesn't make sense to me and what we were chasing for the past 2 week is that this issue doe not appear to exist in IE 6,7 or Opera with latest version of Flash. This lead me to believe that there's something in Firefox that is either incorrectly specifying the URL of the included swf file or something else that I can't get a handle on.

From our point of view, we think we've solved this issue, but I still think that it's a bug that requires attention.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Use loadMovieNum to load a "SWF" file into a level other than 0.
2. Use getTotalBytes to run a loader on the loaded file (just for visual effect).
3. Enable hot link protection on your website through cPanel and do not include your domain in the list.
Actual Results:
Flash is forever "stuck" on loading the swf file.

Expected Results:
SWF file should load and Flash should continue working.

The software should have used the correct URL? to access the external SWF files.
