An error window pop up when launching the browser via Dreamweaver CS3
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.9) Gecko/20071025 Firefox/2.0.0.9
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.9) Gecko/20071025 Firefox/2.0.0.9

First off, I just want to make it clear that this is a bug with either Dreamweaver or Firefox.

The problem happens when I choose to render a page I am working on in DW, a blank sort-of mirroring page pop up with no message, no real error, but it is not closeable, and it mimicks whatever is brought above it. For instance once it pop up, if I pulled another window up and it overlayed the error window, once I minimize the other window, the error window ha remnant of the overlay window.

The only info found in this window in question is on the title bar of the actual window. It says: "TRSDKd ww: C:\Program Files\Mozilla Firefox\firefox.exe" and nothing more. I've extensively searched for answer through Google. The only info I can seem to find on TRSDKd is a few people having a problem with window shutting down with errors. The one main problem with this scenario is that the only way to remove the TRSDKd window I have to FORCE-QUIT Firefox. While this is a minor thing, it get's really annoying time after time when I have a bunch of tab and window open. Also, it doesn't matter how many window or tab I have open. This happens randomly.

My system run optimally with almost zero error in every app I use. If there might be any info on a fix, that would be much appreciated. I have contacted Adobe help, but they cannot pinpoint the problem. This is why I am here and hoping to find a solution.

Thank you for your time. I appreciate the hard work you guy put into this project.

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open a web file in Dreamweaver CS3.
2. Click Preview/Debug in browser button and choose firefox.exe.
3. Preview of the said file open along with a frozen (inside) style error window, with the only resolution being force-quit (end process) of firefox.exe via Task Manager.
Actual Results:
Same result a always. Must restart browser and hope the problem doesn't happen again a it is random.

Expected Results:
Expected browser to open the preview page a normal.

Like I said I am unsure if it is firefox or dreamweaver that is causing this problem. I am also looking for answer with Adobe.
