Firefox hang when loading a few page simultaneously in different tab (over slow connection)
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.11) Gecko/20071127 Firefox Firefox/2.0.0.11
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.11) Gecko/20071127 Firefox Firefox/2.0.0.11

Our internet connection ha a monthly limit of megabyte and when you go over, the speed is reduced. When the connection is slow firefox often hang when opening multiple page simultaneously in different tab (often only three or even two). This usually occurs when you try and scroll in one of the page (with scroll wheel on mouse) or when you try to change between tabs, but sometimes it just hang anyway.

Then it either start responding again when all the page are fully loaded, which take a while, or (more often) it doesn't start responding again and you have to force it to close. It also sometimes hang when the connection is fast but it usually doesn't hang for a long.

Usually happens at www.smh.com.au (try middle clicking a few link at once) but sometimes happens on other page a well, especially slow loading pages.

This is not a new bug, it ha been happening for quite a while, maybe since 2.0. Also the computer only ha 256mb RAM - a far a i can tell that doesn't have anything to do with it but just in case...

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Use Firefox on a computer with a slow internet connection
2. Go to www.smh.com.au (online version of Sydney Morning Herald newspaper)
3. Middle click on several link to article in quick succession
4. It usually take 10-30 second (rough guess, i haven't timed it precisely) before it hangs, especially if you change between loading tab or scroll in a loading tab.
Actual Results:
As described above.
This is a site i visit regularly and it happens more often than not if i open 3 or more tab at a time.

Expected Results:
I would expect it to stay responsive (ie. you should be able to change between tab or scroll while they are still loading, even if they aren't finished loading).

- computer only ha 256mb RAM - with Firefox running (on Win XP SP2) a well a firewall, antispyware and antivirus pretty much all the RAM is used up. Not sure if that is relevant...
