Popup window within Preferences area can disable main menu (if main Preferences window is closed)
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X; en-US; rv:1.8.1.11) Gecko/20071127 Firefox/2.0.0.11
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X; en-US; rv:1.8.1.11) Gecko/20071127 Firefox/2.0.0.11

This is a bit tricky to describe, but it's repeatable.

When using the Passwords Manager within Firefox Preferences, the main menu item (File, Edit, View, etc.) can become disabled. This problem also applies to other popup style window within the Preferences area. But it only happens if user close the main Preferences window without closing the popup, a you'll see in the reproducibility sequence.

This is problematic because -- using the sequence below -- it's not possible to open a new browser window while in Passwords Manager or other similar popups within the preference area. I discovered this while trying to clean out my Passwords... trying to open a site and test which of the password saved wa the correct and which could be removed.

The sequence:

1. Launch PREFERENCES window (Firefox-->Preferences...)
2. Select "Security" tab
3. Select "Show Passwords"
4. IMPORTANT: Close the main "preferences" window you originally opened. Do not close the "Remember Passwords" window that remains open.
5. Now attempt to access any of the main menu dropdown or keyboard shortcuts. You'll see the menu are disabled. They light up a if active, but do not drop down and do not allow you to access item within them UNTIL YOU CLOSE THE "REMEMBER PASSWORDS" window.

IMPORTANT: this problem also applies to other "popup" style window within the Preferences area. It seems intentional, but because the behavior doesn't appear while the main PREFERENCES window is open underneath the popups, i suspect it's a bug. it ONLY happens if you close the PREFERENCES window underneath the popups.

VERY IMPORTANT:
- This problem doe not replicate if you leave the main "preferences" window open while opening the Passwords window.

*************

Screenshots are posted at http://chriswooster.net/firefoxwindowbug.pdf




Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
SEE DETAILS AREA FOR SEQUENCE, see screenshots at http://chriswooster.net/firefoxwindowbug.pdf
Actual Results:
SEE DETAILS AREA

Expected Results:
Main menu item preferably would remain active even if the Preferences window is closed below the popup windows.

It's hard to tell if this is truly a bug, but i suspect it is since when you do it, the main menu show highlight, but do not drop down. This is the telltale sign: the main menu probably should drop down allowing you to open new windows, etc. while those popups are active.
