Multiple bugs/requests (sorry can't spend all morning on here too) in application prefpane
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.9) Gecko/20071025 Firefox/2.0.0.9
Build Identifier: 3.0b3pre nightly

First off, I never use Windows Media Player if I can help it. A lot of site embed it in a browser though.

Something in the WMP dll, Firefox, or my OS (XP SP2 fully updated) keep setting all the MS a/v medium type to the dll. When I click a link to download one of these, however instead of playing in the browser window (which would be bad already a I wa just clicking a link), they are downloading to my temp folder and opening in !Winamp!, my system default player for medium file after having been already deleted!

Every now and then I start to wonder what's going on with a download, why it's not starting, and sure enough, there's Winamp flicking along on repeat with no file loaded. (I use repeat so I can get back on stream that drop)

I've tried repeatedly setting these type to 'always ask' and they always show up a the WMP dll next time I look. I would really like to delete the type altogether like in the 2 series but this option seems to be gone now.

I think this prefpane should be considered pretty much a placeholder for something that actually let the user change stuff, and the other bug that I had to read while looking for this one only made this feeling much, much stronger.

As for the having the cancel button work, why not just operate on a copy of the data in memory until save time come and then work on the file, like any other program that edits something? This thing seems really wack compared to the equivalent pane in FF 2.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Set system medium player to Winamp, install WMP11 and let them start a fight over associations. This is a common setup a 90% of user don't know how to stop this.
2.Go into the prefpane and set all the m a/v medium type to 'always ask'
3.Click a direct link to an asf or wmv file
Actual Results:
Winamp opens, just sits there stumped because the temp file is already deleted

Expected Results:
A warning dialog explaining that a file is about to be downloaded, and a save dialog after I click OK
