an x is shown for kiran font formatting where it should show a plain blank space
User-Agent: Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 7.0; Windows NT 5.1; (R1 1.5); .NET CLR 1.1.4322; InfoPath.1; .NET CLR 1.0.3705; .NET CLR 2.0.50727)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.3) Gecko/20070309 Firefox/2.0.0.3

Indian language Devnagari Text in kiran.ttf font display incorrectly in Firefox browser. It show up english character 'x' among the kiran font formatted text, where a blank space should appear instead. This end up showing incorrect visualization of Devanagari Text.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
The URL above us a font called a kiran.ttf from kiranfont.com.

Follow these step to reproduce the problem:

1. Visit http://www.enetrajyoti.com/marathi/m_instalfont.htm to install the font on a test PC.
2. Visit http://www.enetrajyoti.com/marathi/m_index.htm through FireFox browser
3. Open Internet explorer and open same URL http://www.enetrajyoti.com/marathi/m_index.htm
4. See appearance of english letter x throughout the text which is unintentional and need not show up.

Facts:
1. kiran.ttf is Indian Devnagari language font based on ASCII layout
2. It ha a spacing character mapped to character 'x' This mean the Glyph for this font is equivalent of a space with different sizing. basically it doe not create any printable impression
3. This character is essential to appear the devnagari text correctly.
4. It appears that Firefox ha an intelligence built-in that replaces any non-printable character with default font.
5. This cause a problem in User experience reading the Devnagari text.
Actual Results:
The x is shown up wherever a blank space wa to be seen.
Compare this with Internet Explorer or Netscape. It show the text properly.

Expected Results:
The english character 'x' should not be shown up in place of the spacing character for Kiran font formatted text. In Kiran font, 'x' character is mapped to a special specing character equivalent of space. It is an important character to see the denagari other character correctly.

I'm the owner of the kiran font and several hundred user have reported this problem to me. These are common user of Firefox and Kiran font. Since, I cannot fix this problem in my font and this ha got a huge impact on Indian Community using devnagari font that is used for prominent Indian language such a Hindi, Sanskrit and Marathi. This bug ha a huge impact and need to be fixed on priority.

Thank you for your cooperation
