The Firefox beta 1 and 2, address bar thus not work.
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.8.1.11) Gecko/20071127 Firefox/2.0.0.11
Build Identifier: http://www.mozilla.com/en-US/products/download.html?product=firefox-3.0b2&os=win&lang=en-US

The link I gave you ha a image that show you the bug in action... If you look carefully you will see that the address bar say google.com, normaly if I had tipe google.com, it would of change to http://google.ca/... The other thing is that the address bar thus not change wan I click a link or change page, it just keep the first address I wrote...

The other problem is the back and fowared button that stay gray and don't work, even the refresh button dose not work it like the whole toolbar is jam for some reason.

I have tried to update, re-install... Nothing works, also when I try to update Firefox 3 beta 2 it sends me a error.

I am using a HP latop, with Windows Vista Ult. I have to say it work very well on XP but Vista it is just useless.

I hope I gave enough details, if not tell me what other information you would like me to had. And also if you want me to do a little video of the bug in action just ask.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.I start Firefox.
2.I go to any website.
3.From the beginning the back and forward button don't work and the address bar stay the same.
Actual Results:
From the beginning the back and forward and the address bar don't work. Its not a bug that happens after I do some thing it like that all the time whatever I do.

Expected Results:
Back and forward and the address bar to work.

I did not test it in window vista safe mode... But even then you still have the bug. I wish I could give more information. I personally think that it could be Xul thats freaking out for some reason, I not sure of what I am saying but you never now.

I am using AVG Free version ha a anti virus.

Windows edition:

Windows Vista Ultimate

System:

Manufacturer: Hewlett-Packard
Model: HP Pavilion dv9000
Rating: 4,3 Windows Experience Index: Unrated
Processor: Intel(R) Core(TM)2 CPU T5500 @ 1.66GHz 1,67 GHz
Memory (RAM): 2046 MB
System type: 64-bit Operating System

If there is any other info, please ask.
