Loading live bookmark *while* reading them is confusing
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.9b2) Gecko/2007121016 Firefox/3.0b2
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.9b2) Gecko/2007121016 Firefox/3.0b2

It seems to me that Firefox start loading live bookmark when I look at them.

Technically, this make sense a it implies that live bookmark that are never read are not loaded.

But from an usability point of view, this can be very confusing: I scan the list from the top for interesting item ---- and just while I am reading, the list change and I have to start reading from the top again.

Note: This is only a problem for live bookmark that are opened by clicking on them. If the list is constantly open in the side bar, the change most likely happens when I am actually not scanning the list.



Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Probably you have to wait for some time until the RSS feed changes.
2. Click on a live bookmark and start reading the headlines...

Actual Results:
1. Right in the middle of reading the bookmarks, the list change
2. I get unhappy that this "is just not right".

Expected Results:
I should be happy with Firefox!

===== Until here, this is just a complaint. How can this work better?

Honestly, I don't have a perfect solution. But here are some alternatives:

(A) Load live bookmark *before* showing the list.
(B) Load live bookmark *while* showing the list (this is the current solution).
(C) Load live bookmark *after* showing the list.
(D) Load live bookmark regularly in the *background*.
(E) Load live bookmark in the background when the browser is started.
(X) Choose option (A-E) according to frequency of bookmark display and fetching speed.
(Y) Allow the user to select option (A-E), possibly combining them.

Notes:
(C) can be optimized like this: load bookmark *while* reading the list but update the list only when it is closed.

(D) and (E) can be combined with the other options.

Each option ha it own disadvantages:
(A) If loading is noticeably slow, this is the worst option: You want to read but have to wait. But if the feed can be loaded quickly, this option is the best: You get up-to-date data without any changes.
(B) This is a reasonable solution. Just almost every time I look at the live bookmark, I get unhappy...
(C) This is good if you don't mind slightly out-of date information.
(D/E): These option consume additional bandwidth. These option reduce the problem of (B/C): They reduce the likelihood of out-of-date information (C) or update-while-you-read.

Note: If I could choose the setting on my browser, I would choose (C) and (E).
