Refresh cooky list in "View cookies" window or add "refresh" button
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.9b2) Gecko/2007121016 Firefox/3.0b2
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.9b2) Gecko/2007121016 Firefox/3.0b2

This report contains a bug and a related request for additional improvement.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
(It's sufficient to do step 1..4 to see the problem. Additional step just
add detail to the problem)

1. Go to page info -> security -> view cooky
2. Search for a domain (e.g. mozilla.or)
3. delete a cookie
4. Modify the search (e.g. add "g" to the end: mozilla.org)
*** Observe the bug: the deleted cookie reappears in the result list!
5. Close the view cooky window and open it again.
*** Observe: now the cookie is gone.
6. Enter the same search: mozilla.org
7. Open a page on this domain that set the cookie while the view
cooky window is open.
*** Observe: the new cookie doesn't appear automatically in the search.
8. Type in the same search.
*** Observe: The new cookie still doesn't appear.
9. Close view cookies, open it again and search again for the same cookie.
*** Observe: now, the new cookie appears
Actual Results:
(A) The cookie deleted in step 3 appears again on the list in step 4 (bug).
(B) But it's really deleted: in step 6 it's not displayed (correct).
(C) In step 7, the displayed cookie list is not updated with new information.
(D) In step 8, the newly received cookie doesn't appear (bad).
(E) In step 9, the new cookie doe appear (correct).

Summary:
You have to close and re-open the view cooky window to get up-to-data
results. Sometimes, this is confusing (deleted cookie come back in the display), sometimes, it's annoying for developers.

Expected Results:
(A) The deleted cookie should not appear in the search result
(C) The new cookie should appear immediately. If that can't be implemented,
I would expect an "refresh results" button that update the result list.
(D) At least, when I search again, the result should be up-to-date
(B) and (E) are correct.

(A) Bug fix: After manually deleting a cookie, refresh the cookie list and repeat the search.

(B) Enhancement: Add a "refresh cookies" button that performs the same action. A developer may click on this button when he want's to check for change in the cookies. The work-around (close window, open again and search again) is cumbersome.

(D) Better enhancement: Perform the "refresh cookies" action automatically when cooky are changed, without a need to press the button. This may be difficult or expensive to implement. Hence, (B) is an acceptable compromise.
