Cannot use bookmark to open multiple tab / multiple URIs (multiple URLs separated by "|", pipe, newline; list of URLs)
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; de; rv:1.8.1.12) Gecko/20080201 Firefox/2.0.0.12
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; de; rv:1.8.1.12) Gecko/20080201 Firefox/2.0.0.12

As ha been suggested elsewhere (but I couldn't find a bug for this):

"When setting your homepage in Firefox you can separate multiple URLs with | character and this allows all of the url to open in separate tabs. It would be really sweet if I could set URLs of bookmark in the same way. One click on a bookmark could open multiple tabs."
(from http://wiki.mozilla.org/Firefox/Feature_Brainstorming:Bookmarks)

Bug 221445 is similar and ha been marked wanted-firefox3+, but it only look at browser start page URL. It rightly point out problem when pipe character ("|") is used to separate URLs, and proposes a multi-line field with one URL on each line (like IE 8) to open multiple tab a browser start page(s).

In this RFE, I am asking that not only the start page URL, but the URL of any bookmark should be enabled to handle multiple URLs in the same way. In other words, I have a list of URLs, each of them on a separate line, and the bookmark's URL text field should accept such a list (e.g. when I paste the list into the address field). I can then open my little list of URLs with just a single click on my "list bookmark", and each URL will open in a separate tab.

Apart from the need to parse multiple URLs (same a for multiple start pages), this would require just a small UI change so that the bookmark's text field for entering the URL is multi-line capable.

Maybe when bug 221445 lands, the same concept can be applied to the URL field of bookmarks?


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. When creating a new bookmark, enter multiple URLs (e.g. separated by | or newline) into address/URL field of the bookmark.
2. Click on bookmark (expecting that URLs will open in multiple tabs, a is the case when entering multiple URLs for browser start page!)

Actual Results:
Firefox complains that it can't find the URL (the list of URLs is interpreted a a single URL)

Expected Results:
Firefox should be able to handle multiple URLs in bookmarks, just like it currently doe for the start page URL(s). Ideally, multiple URLs will be a plain list with one URL on each line (like bug 221445 proposes). When I click on the bookmark, each URL should open in a separate tab (as simple a that).
