Firefox display wrong list on mouseover of tab on Yahoo finance main - fails under XP and OS 10, no problem on IE and Safari. Bug is new
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X; en-US; rv:1.8.1.12) Gecko/20080201 Firefox/2.0.0.12
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X; en-US; rv:1.8.1.12) Gecko/20080201 Firefox/2.0.0.12

the yahoo finance main page ha several tab along the top. the "my portfolios" tab is supposed display a dropdown list (with a scroll bar). It worked in firefox until about a month ago. Firefox now display two items, "sign in to create/edit portfolios" and "free trial to live quotes". The failure occurs on both XP and OS 10. It doe not occur in Safari or IE. I use the latest, updated version of firefox, XP, and OS 10. I have scrapbook and foxmarks extensions, also both upgraded. I have used firefox for over two year without seeing this problem. It appeared about a month ago.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.sign in to your Yahoo account.
2.go to www.finance.yahoo
3. build at least on portfolio under "my portfolios" - I have 14 of them.
4. on the main Yahoo Finance page (url above) - mouse over the tab labeled, "my Portfolios"

Actual Results:
a dropdown list of two item is diplayed.

sign in to Create/Edit your portfolio
Free Trial of Live Quotes

Expected Results:
(a list of all of your portfolio by name) my list is 14 long. clicking on one of these item navigates away from the main page to a display of that portfolio.

I suspect that Yahoo ha changed this feature slightly and is now using a scripting feature that is either incorrect or not included in Firefox.

THE DROPDOWN LIST IS NOT, REPEAT NOT, A STANDARD HTML DROPDOWN LIST. The drop down list ONLY display when you mouse over (not click) on the "my portfolios" tab. The list that appears is NOT in a box, but rather is a grey background list that appears on top of the existing page with very small type line that are not underlined but which, when clicked, navigate to a new web page.

The bug is that the wrong list appears.
