Bookmarks manager need a separate entry for Search:
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Win98; en-US; rv:1.8.0.12) Gecko/20070508 Firefox/1.5.0.12
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT; nl; rv:1.9b5pre) Gecko/2008032106 Minefield/3.0b5pre

Until the upcoming release, the search.label entry in bookmarks.dtd wa used for both the Search sidebar a well a the bookmark organiser. This had not been a problem, a both term (Search) were the same and basically meant ‘find’. In 3.0, places.dtd still us the search.label, but it meaning ha become different in the organizer window compared to the sidebar a the selectable place following the search string make it stand for place _where_ to search there, instead of only _what_ to search (i.o.w. find), like the latter is used in both the bookmark and history sidebars.

In Dutch for instance, we changed the label (looking at it meaning in the organizer) from Zoeken to Doorzoeken (for German this would mean change Suchen to Durchsuchen). The logical result of this using a shared label is that Doorzoeken also appears in the sidebar, where we would still like to see Zoeken, a we still see in the history sidebar due to it own label (find.label in history.dtd).

It seems logical to me if the new entry would be the new one currently shown for the new meaning (Doorzoeken/Durchsuchen) in the organizer, keeping the old sidebar entry and it key a they were before (even though it would make sense to use a find.label/key for those). A new access key would not be necessary, a the current one is only being used by the sidebar.

If implementing this for 3.0 is a goal, copying search.label's content to the new entry for all locale may be a quick action; localizers then can see if they want to change the content of one of them or not. Using history.dtd's find.label for the bookmark sidebar may even be a quicker option without having the need to bother localizers, though a little risky and not a very nice one of course.

Impact:
May look minor, but compared to older version a visible regression if search.label ha already been changed for locales. Basically needed anyway if the selection button remain in, or it may look unfinished.


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.
2.
3.
