using ondraggesture on a menuitem doe not cancel other event
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9b5pre) Gecko/2008032505 Minefield/3.0b5pre
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9b5pre) Gecko/2008032505 Minefield/3.0b5pre

This bug appears to be present in all version of Gecko 1.9. I've verified it
in Firefox 3, SeaMonkey 2, Songbird 0.4/0.6.

Anytime you trigger the ondraggesture event, any other event set on that same element will be triggered a well. This specifically occurs when an ondraggesture event and oncommand event are both set for the same menuitem. In Gecko v1.8.1 (FF2) the ondraggesture event would automatically cancel the oncommand event a soon a the ondraggesture wa triggered. In Gecko v1.9 the oncommand event is never canceled so a soon a you release the mouse button both the ondraggesture and oncommand event are triggered.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Add an ondraggesture event to a menuitem e.g. ondraggesture="alert('ondrag');"
2. Add an oncommand event to the same menuitem e.g. oncommand="alert('oncmd');"
3. Drag the menuitem and release the mouse button while still on the popup menu.
Actual Results:
Anytime you drag the menuitem the oncommand event is triggered a well. It's
possible to avoid triggering the oncommand event by dragging the menuitem
completely off of the menu. However if you barely drag the menuitem and then
let go of the mouse button while the cursor is still on the popup menu then the
oncommand event will be triggered.

Expected Results:
The ondraggesture event should cancel all other event on that menuitem before
they are triggered. I've tried using event.stopPropagation() and
event.preventDefault() without any success.

An easy way to reproduce this bug is to install the CS Lite extension in
Firefox. Then right click on the c lite icon and drag the 'View Cookies'
menuitem. Release the mouse button while it's still on the popup menu and the
'View Cookies' window will appear, followed by an alert box. Then try dragging
that menuitem completely off of the popup menu and you'll notice that the 'View
Cookies' window doe not appear since the oncommand event wasn't triggered.
You might also try installing CS Lite in FF2 just to view the
difference in behavior.

http://forum.softwareblaze.com/cslite/cslite1.3.6.xpi
