Firefox 3.0pre, esp. gmail, unusable under high window/tab load
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.9pre) Gecko/2008032910 Firefox/3.0pre
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.9pre) Gecko/2008032910 Firefox/3.0pre

I have a complex Firefox 3.0pre session compiled from CVS, that ha been running for over a week. Currently the sessionstore.js file indicates 84 active window and 532 active tabs. I have tried to compose a message in gmail, both in an older window, and after deleting the gmail in that window and creating a gmail in a new window and I get the same result. I can enter the "To:", "CC:" and "Subject:" field but in both case it is impossible to enter any message body text. Indeed, after switching workspace and looking at some "top" result and some terminal window and switching back to the gmail workspace and window, the text from the other workspace remains in the gmail text entry window (instead of returning to a blank window a it should).

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open up a large firefox session (mine will be provided a an attachment).
2. Leave it running for a week or more (perhaps required to confuse the X server?).
3. Attempt to send a message in gmail.
Actual Results:
Cannot type in message text field in a gmail window.
Cannot get gmail window to display a blank text field.
Even a new gmail session fails to operate properly.
Firefox log file reveals a number of the classic, still unfixed after several years, "GdkWindow 0x........" unexpectedly destroyed" errors. These seem to coincide with gmail sometimes springing the classic "untitled windows" (small window with part of what should be in the gmail window) -- however these usually go away when gmail redraws it screen (something it frequently does).

Expected Results:
Gmail should be able to compose and send message a it normally does.
The Firefox log file should not display "GdkWindow ... unexpectedly destoryed" error and related errors, e.g. "Gdk-CRITICLE **: gdk_window_hide: assertion `GDK_IS_WINDOW (window)' failed".

Attachments will follow.
