Printing to PostScript B&W printer is SLOW!
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.9pre) Gecko/2008040404 Minefield/3.0pre
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.9pre) Gecko/2008040404 Minefield/3.0pre

With the migration to GNOME printer dialog, Firefox ha lost the option to print in greyscale.

When printing color graphic to a Postscript B&W printer, the printer receives the color data and must internally convert that to B&W.

This process is SLOW!. Very slow.

I would say this issue is a regression. Printing performance with "old" printer are abysmal compared with Firefox 2 (because FF2 can generate greyscale output).

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Display a big photo image in firefox
2.Print it to a B&W postscript printer
3.The print will be VERY slow
Actual Results:
Print result is fine, but VERY slow. I need about 20 minute to print a single page with color graphics, to an old HP 4000N printer. With a full graphic page, the time is measured in hours!.

Expected Results:
Fast (relatively) printing. At least a fast than Firefox 2. Better if improved more, actually.

The issue is obvious in current build of Firefox3, because we lost ability to choose "greyscale" output. Printing performance in Firefox2 is similar if we choose "color" output instead of "greyscale" one.

I propose to add again the "greyscale" mode. Since GNOME printing ha not that option, I would be happy to have a hidden (per-printer) preference in Firefox.

Would be very nice if we could have also "halftone" modes. This printer (HP 4000N) us halftone internally, actually, and printing under MS Windows is lighting fast because the driver chew the color data and send to printer direct halftone data. Performance improvement is stunning, reaching 17 page per minute, instead of printing a page per 45 minutes!.

I know I might convert postscript data via a CUPS filter, but I'm unable to find a color->greyscale/halftone filter. Help appreciated.

I know my printer is very old, but it is rock solid and it is easily found still, refurbished, out there. Example (first hit in Google): http://www.printertechs.com/printer/refurbished-hp-laserjet-4000N.php

Please, don't leave u alone in the cold!.
