replace pop-up cookie prompt dialog with use of information bar
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-GB; rv:1.8.1.13) Gecko/20080311 Firefox/2.0.0.13
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-GB; rv:1.8.1.13) Gecko/20080311 Firefox/2.0.0.13

With cooky set to "ask me every time", the cookie prompt can interrupt browsing, sometimes to the point of distraction or even fustration, particularly if the "remember my choice for all cooky from this site" check-box is not checked.

Anytime a cookie from a new site is sent to the browser, all browsing activity must stop until this prompt ha been answered. Sometimes several must be answered.

A better interface (IMO) would be to re-use the pop-up blocker (and add-on prompting) interface to allow uninterrupted surfing, with some default behaviour taking place to allow the page to render fully. Answering the less-intrusive prompt and changing any preference for any of the cooky can reload the page at that time.

My suggestion for a default behaviour would be to cache the cooky so that if preference are changed through the prompt, the cached cooky could be properly stored with their new preference in place (rejected, accepted, session-only). This caching should probably not result in any cooky being returned while the page is initially loading -- if a page break because the cooky are not returned, this is a clear indication that the user need to allow cooky on that site.

This prompt would also be able to expose information about all of the cooky a page ha sent rather than prompting for each one after the other.

The prompt could also be ignored if a site is being visited one time only and happens to function fine under the default behaviour. I surf with cooky set to "ask me every time" and find that my "Exceptions" list get very long very quickly because there is no practical way for me to briefly visit a site without having to make a permanently saved decision about cooky for that site (unless I want to click dozen of cookie prompt without the "remember" check-box). In reality, though, it really doesn't matter what happens to many of these cooky -- I have no account on the site, and have set no preference there. However, selecting "block" and "remember" mean that if I do decide to create an account at the site I then have to go digging deeper into the cookie UI and find whatever domain I need to unblock in the exception list (and this domain may not be obvious if the cookie is set to an unpredictable subdomain).

I don't suppose that a cooky exception list with hundred or thousand of site stored on it is a performance booster either.

Regards,
Sam

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.
2.
3.
