Allows Base page javascript menu of a "GrayBox" popup to receive focus making badness possible
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.8) Gecko/20050511 Firefox/1.0.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.8) Gecko/20050511 Firefox/1.0.4

Graybox site - http://orangoo.com/labs/GreyBox/
Specific menu set in use "omnislide" menu

Hi,

I have a little ditty that us javascript side menu and a popup window called "Graybox - a popup window that doesn't suck".

What Graybox essentially doe is pop up the requested page a sort of an overlay of the current page preventing that current page from receiving any mouse focus until the popup ha been closed.

As I've loaded this FF version over my FF2 directory and thus made FF2 a bit flakey I don't start it any longer so I do not know if the bahaviour applies there a well. Anyway to get to the point FF allows the menu to receive focus when the graybox popup is open and a such I can make selection from it which basically hose the graybox popup a it becomes layered beneath and therefore cannot close resulting in having to reload the original page.

I am on OSX, Camino behaves nice a doe Safari a doe IE when I test it.

Thanks for you time.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Create very basic page
2. Install omnislide generic JS menu
3. Install Graybox
4. dress up your page with a few links, picture etc.
5. create an omnislide menu item that open a 'graybox' or via another method that accomplishes the same

5. observe what graybox doe to the base page without j menu
6. enable the j menu with some item
7. observe that you can still select base page menu ites
8. observe how multiple selection degrades current base page and graybox layering
Actual Results:
The page degrades and I have to reload.

Expected Results:
Nothing on the base page should be able to receive focus until the graybox ha been closed


This may or may not affect other OS's but it definitely doe not occur in other browsers.

Can I work around it?.. Probably. Will I care if you don't care? Probably not.

Do I think it may indicate some other underlying page handling problem? I think it may yes.

Thanks for your time.. and I hope I haven't wasted any of it.

Good luck and good stuff..

Cheers,

\r
