F7 warning (caret browsing) appears frequently while I'm typing, even though I never press F7
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.8.1.13) Gecko/20080325 Fedora/2.0.0.13-1.fc8 Firefox/2.0.0.13
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.8.1.13) Gecko/20080325 Fedora/2.0.0.13-1.fc8 Firefox/2.0.0.13

whenever I enter an unknown keystroke combination, which never ha anything to do with hitting any function keys, I get the caret browsing warning, and I always "turn off" warning with the checkbox available. Problem is, it pop up damn-near every single time I'm doing a lot of typing in a form. I can force it to happen only by hitting F7, where I get the same warning. I've turned it OFF a thousand times, probably six or seven thousand times.

This is why I still use IE to enter forms. FF piss me off with sh** that I can't turn off, and taunt me with an utterly fecal "turn me off" switch that doesn't effin work.

NOTE TO CODERS: Normal people please do not read this. You won't grok it.

I will not write code that isn't documented.
I will not generate window message that are useless.
I will include an option to disable my favorite features, because what I love will be hated by some.
I will not release buggy code a beta when it is alpha.
I will not beta-test on the consumer.
I will not call a bug a feature.
I will not generate error message without a useful return code or error number.
I will catch all exception without fail.


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. load firefox.
2. use it.
3. viola.
Actual Results:
= Firefox crash on every 2nd or 3rd youtube page or page load.
= Caret browsing piss me off. Seriously. I have a BA in literature and this "feature" reduces me to gutteral swearing at inanimate objects.
= Firefox LOVES to crash. Crash crash crash. It's the little browser that could.



Expected Results:
I have to reload FF for the bajillionth time and try again, hoping for no crashies.

suggestions:
why can't I disable bad web code? Is it not possible to refuse to load any element which fails to conform to some sort of W3C standard?
Why can't I load ASP and IE-only page with graceful fallbacks? Opera can do it.
Damn, people. FF ha been around for how long, and we still haven't fixed BASIC PROBLEMS?

How about we make FF version 3.0 comply with basic human navigation need instead of being a huge pain in the rear?

I know the web sucks. I know there is malicious code, badly maintained sites, spam/ad/malware/etc, but NONE OF THAT WOULD BE POSSIBLE if I could set ONE LITTLE setting on my browser:

[_] Do Not Load Nonstandard Pages. (!=html 1.1-4.01, xml, strict or tolerant doctype)

Another cool little check box would be:
[_] REALLY do not allow popups and popunders, no lie this time. Java can shut the H*LL up. Ignore java call to pop/pup.

God Damn. The web 2.0 is a pipe dream when the reality is that no browser really ha any effin control.

2.0 my A55.

I've had a 3D/VRML website since 1995 and nothing ha changed since then except bigger poofy-ier buzzword and amped up volume of bullsheep. If anyone belief any of these blog or medium blitz touting some random new-age company on the web, I've got some other news for you:

Email is dead. I've shut off my mail server and only use google mail for asinine website that believe [falsely] that they can VERIFY anyone by email. The only real verification is a purchase. There, I said it. Nyah.

I moved my server last year and never even bothered to SET UP email services. That's how important Email is to me. I have SMS and IM notice on the contact me sites, which I find to be more useful. Not to mention that an SMS verification message absolutely DOES verify identity, but no new-age web-2.0 hippy will listen to me.

F*CK sakes, grow up people.

// The last bit of ranting is to the software engineers, not so much to the programmers, unless you learned programming while working for microsoft or the government. For you, there's a special level of hell where people only speak in number and have no emotions.

Don Lee
System Admin
