Opacity <1 layer under or over sibling audio/mpg object layer cause object to disappear/flicker on scroll/resize
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8.1.13) Gecko/20080311 Firefox/2.0.0.13
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8.1.13) Gecko/20080311 Firefox/2.0.0.13

The quicktime controller for an embedded audio object will visually disappear completely on scrolling the window, and flicker on resize, whenever there is a layer with opacity set <1 visually sitting behind it or in front of it. This is not connected to the inheritance of opacity (so-called) because it happens with siblings, not parent-children. This bug doe not happen at all with Safari with the same code. This is not related to z-indexes, becase it happens with different z-indexes set (different stack order).

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.See simple example Test page above; in summary: on a valid HTML page, place a div with an image in the background, with opacity <1 (ie., opacity: .9) and z-index: 1.
2.Next place a div with position: fixed, z-index: 2, enclosing an object tag with type="audio/mpeg".
3.View page in Firefox 2 on Mac.
Actual Results:
On window resize, controller flickers.
On window scroll, controller disappears.
Controller is actually there, because if clicked on (the space where it was) it will reappear.

Expected Results:
no flicker, no disappear.

I have a report that this bug doe not occur when my test page is viewed from:
Linux Ubuntu, IBM Thinkpad hardware, FireFox 2.0012.

After examining the Bugzilla reports, several are close and may have the same root - particularly:
316905 – div over flash with opacity cause flash to disappear
**very close, and with 'resolved' (but in 3.0 branch).
and Bug 309790 Absolutely positioned block element with opacity layered over Flash cause Flash object to disappear.

Testing with FireFox beta 5 (Mac OSX) doe not show the bug.

Therefore it may have been fixed a part of one of the above, in the 3 branch. However since I can't find it reported anywhere that opacity UNDER an object cause the problem, or for other than Flash objects, I thought it best to place a report here for the 2.0 branch. And maybe it can still be fixed in 2?.
