Mozilla Firefox doesn't seem to clear his memory usage : ANY activity only increase memory usage of firefox.exe process.
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.14) Gecko/20080404 Firefox/2.0.0.14
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.14) Gecko/20080404 Firefox/2.0.0.14

WRONG : ANY activity will increase Firefox's (firefox.exe) memory usage.

DESCRIPTION :

I open Mozilla Firefox, browse a usual, open a dozen tabs, then notice slow response. . I check with my Task Manager, and see firefox.exe using 250+Mb, 300+ and can easily go up to 700 MB + of memory usage IF I'd allow it to... which I don't. ( I can't say for sure since when, but at least the last 3 weeks)

I restarted Firefox, browsed without any tab except for the main window : same problem. After opening a few page (the bigger the worse) Firefox act like he's eating, getting fat and never going slim.

NOW, I did some easy test anyone can try and the result is astonishing : ANY activity accomplish within Firefox; menus, bookmarks, normal browsing, tab (opening, or closing). ANYTHING will increase the memory usage.

Of course, I've seen Firefox TRY to remove data, but it still keep getting higher.


And here's a brief summary of my setup :

OS : Windows XP Pro SP2

CPU: AMD Athlon 64 X2 4200+
RAM : 1 Gb dual Channel OCZ Platinum

GRAPH: GeForce 6800 GS SLI


I've updated my Firefox and all my system with up-to-date update and it still behave like this...

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Open Firefox

2.Press ctrl+alt+del to open your Task Manager (or right-click your task bar and open it)

3.Select firefox.exe for a better view and keep an eye on the column "Mem Usage"
4.The following step are just some of the many activity that make the Mem usage go high:

-Open the file menu, keep it opened and browse all other menu with your mouse many times. Small results, but still.
-Open tabs, browse a few pages, close 'em. Opening many tab or just a few doesn't matter a long a you keep browsing. Simply keep opening, and/or closing tabs.
-Open new windows, close them (keeping at least one open)
-Log into a devianart account for exemple, and open multiple tabs.It'll be faster.
-Then have fun making that number go high... until you're scared.
Actual Results:
Memory usage go high and never stops. You might notice firefox decreasing the Mem Usage a little, but it will never come back to it's initial amount. I don't care if it add a few Mb, but hundreds?? Even after clearing all cookies, cache and anything else that can be deleted from the GUI, it keep adding, and adding and adding and adding...

Only a restart make it "reset"

Expected Results:
Should Erase/delete old data or remove data that is not used by Firefox anymore.

Why keep in memory 500MB of data, when Firefox supposedly cleared all history, cookies, cache... and have nothing else to show is a simple Google page or the nice "about:blank" page...

I usually browse for hours, so this get REALLY frustrating. I don't want to crash my system (never tried) every time I use some my all-time favorite Internet browser.

I know a new version is coming, and I HOPE this issue with be resolved for REAL. Switching to IE 7 is identical to committing suicide...

Thank you.
