Multiple Flash object stop Javascript from running correctly or at all
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.8.1.14) Gecko/20080404 Firefox/2.0.0.14
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.8.1.14) Gecko/20080404 Firefox/2.0.0.14

I have 3 Flash object on my page; One on there a standard, the other 2 are within a table inside a DIV tag that overlay the first swf. This table consists of 3 column (Flash object, text area (inside another div tag), and then Flash object, in that order). The text area's DIV tag start off a hidden. When the page is loaded, after 2 second the "Body onLoad" call a function that make the text visible. This work fine on every browser in Vista and on a MAC, and all but the latest Firefox browser on XP. However in the latest Firefox version with XP the javascript to make the text visible doesn't work at all. I think this is because Firefox is struggling with 3 Flash objects. I removed the top 2 flash object (as in index2.html) and it work fine. I then added another Flash object (the guitar) and ran again (index3.html), this time it worked, but much slower than it should do. Finally I put all Flash object back (index4.html) and the javascript is never called

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.check index2.html and wait...should work
2.check index3.html and wait...works but take much longer
3.check index4.html...the text will never show up in the middle
Actual Results:
Index4.html ha all 3 Flash objects. All 3 Flash object should come in to view, the green box should come down, then the text should appear. Text DOESN'T appear. And in index3.html it DOES appear but slowly, and I had to remove one Flash object to even get that.

Expected Results:
Index4.html ha all 3 Flash objects. All 3 Flash object should come in to view, the green box should come down, then the text should appear. Text appears via a Body onLoad call, which wait about 2 second and then make the DIV tag of the text visible.

www.systemx.co.uk/mrray/inc/function.js if you need it, that make the div tag visible.
