No way to close the pop-up blocker information bar from the keyboard - which affect disability access
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.14) Gecko/20080404 Firefox/2.0.0.14
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.14) Gecko/20080404 Firefox/2.0.0.14

When I open a web site that attempt to open a pop-up window, Firefox display the horizontal, yellow "information bar" across the top of the browser window. The only way to close the information bar is by clicking the red close box with the mouse.

Mouse gesture are often difficult for people with disabilities. In my case, I use Dragon NaturallySpeaking to control Firefox by voice, and there's no way for me to close the information bar and regain the "screen real estate" without using a mouse.

I suggest doing one of the following improvements, listed in order of preference:

1. There is an "Options" button on the information bar that open a menu of pop-up blocker options. Another solution would be to add a menu item to this menu that close the information bar. This menu item should have a mnemonic character assigned to it (like the other menu item in this menu). Then it would be pretty straightforward to use the Dragon NaturallySpeaking macro utility to create a voice command to close the information bar.

2. Add a keyboard shortcut that close the information bar.

3. Add a tooltip to the information bar close box, such a "Close information bar." This may seem like an odd solution, but the Dragon software appears to detect the presence of tooltip wording, and responds when you utter the tooltip phrase. This technique work for the close box on the find bar (which appears by pressing ctrl-f). I can say "close find bar" and the find bar closes. (This solution preferred least because it would be useful to Dragon NaturallySpeaking users, but doesn't provide the general keyboard access that might benefit a lot of other people.)


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open any web site that attempt to display a pop-up menu.
2. Try to close the yellow information bar without using the mouse.


Actual Results:
It can't be done, unless there is some undocumented keyboard shortcut that I'm not aware of. I checked the help system for keyboard shortcut for this, but didn't find one.

Expected Results:
Provide some method of closing the information bar without using the mouse. (See above suggestions.)
