FF 3 beta 5 experience long pause when scrolling, page fault rate inscreases
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.9b5) Gecko/2008032620 Firefox/3.0b5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.9b5) Gecko/2008032620 Firefox/3.0b5

If I have a number of tab open (dozen or so) and I leave FF running for a day or so I see a climb in memory (VM size a reported by window task manager) to something on the order of 300M. Then I also see these "pregnant" pause when trying to scroll a window. All input, scrolling, clicking on scrollbar, clicking a link or button, is ignored for a couple of seconds. When the pause stops, the input is handled. At the same time, I notice that the firefox application page fault delta increase from 0 to many thousand of fault per second. This happens periodically (maybe every 30 seconds). During this time all FF activity halt. For example, playing a video on youtube will halt for a few second every time.

I suspect some sort of garbage collection is taking place. I can't say for sure, but a a programmer mself, it sure ha that "feel" to it.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. have a couple of dozen tab open
2. Wait a day or so.
3. surf the net... notice thing like scrolling window have period wher they pause.
4. Use window task manager and watch firefox. Add the "PF Delta" column. Notice that periodicly the PF delta rate go from 0 to some big value. The time of these occurances coorsponds to the pause in FF.

Actual Results:
pause in FF

Expected Results:
I expect no pause and FF to respond to input. Especially on an essentially idle condition (scrolling an open page is essentially idle).

This behaviour didn't happen in FF 2.0 and I *think* it did happen in FF 3 beta 4.

I can temporarly fix the problem by exiting firefox (and waiting until it really exit which can take 10 second or so) and then restarting. Even with all the same tab open, the problem won't occur for a day or so.

BTW. When I do restart FF, the memory usage for the same tab when down from 300M to 80M.
