Web site playing a wav file via javascript steal focus from other tab
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9b5) Gecko/2008032620 Firefox/3.0b5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9b5) Gecko/2008032620 Firefox/3.0b5

I use a web site called fubar.com often and that sight us simple wav file to give audible alert when certain thing happen on the site, such a a new shout message or when friend on there take certain actions, these audible alert are desirable, but they cause problem in firefox. If any other tab is open while fubar.com is running in one tab and an audible happens on fubar.com tab, then you are no longer able to type any further text in any text box on the existing tab you were in, nor can you type any text search text box or the browser address bar. You must switch back to the tab that ha fubar.com running in it and then click back to the tab you were originally typing text into before you can resume typing text..... but once another audible alert take place on Fubar.com, then it will once again lock up the typing in the tab your working in again, and this make it impossible to work in any other tab or web site when I'm running Fubar.com in one tab. I currently have to either close the Fubar.com tab when I'm working with any other tabs/web sites, or I have to disable the audible alert on Fubar.com and then I can leave it running in a tab and it no longer interferes with my other open tabs. Besides locking up be from being able to type any text in the current tab/website that I'm at, it will also sometimes start to change the web page that I'm at when I'm simply trying to type text into a text box, it appears it's going back through my browsing history instead of accepting my text in the text box I wa trying to type in. This doesn't always happen, so I'm not sure what causing this, but the audible alert doe prevent me from being able to continue to type text into any text box I wa typing in prior to the audible alert happening on the Fubar.com tab. Fubar is using JavaScript to play the wav file that are used for the alerts, and I have tried setting the option to use both the Quicktime plug and the Windows Media player plug in and using either one, this same problem is present. So it appears a if when a wav file is played on site from JavaScript, it steal the focus from the current tab/website you are working in and you can not regain focus back on the page/text box you were typing in, until you switch to the tab where the wav file alert wa played (in my case Fubar.com) and then clicking back to the tab/website you were originally working at! And at times, this also screw the navigation key too and continuing to try to type text cause the browser to start going back into the browser history.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. You will have to setup a user profile on Fubar.com. It is free to do and doesn't matter what info you enter in setting up the profile. But once you have made a profile, you must go to "My", "profile setting" in the menu and then set alert sound to "on" and shoutbox sound to "on".... save the setting and then just go to your home page

2. Have Fubar.com open in a tab just sitting on your home page

3. Open any other website that ha a text input box in another tab and start typing into that text box

4. Wait for an audible alert on Fubar.com to happen, then typing will lock up on the other tab
Actual Results:
When an audible alert happens on Fubar, you are no longer able to type any text in the tab you were at prior to the alert happening and you have to click onto the tab that contains Fubar.com web site, and then click back to the original tab you were typing text into in order to be able to resume typing text. It appears the audible alert steal the focus from the tab you were working in!

Expected Results:
The focus should remain in the tab and text box you are typing in and the audible alert in the Fubar tab should not effect this!
