Enters high-CPU race condition soon a first few character of URL are typed; never recovers
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.8.1.13) Gecko/20080208 Mandriva/2.0.0.13-1mdv2008.1 (2008.1) Firefox/2.0.0.13
Build Identifier: 3.0 RC1, also the beta

This is occuring on my two older Compaq Armada laptop running Mandriva 2008 and 2008.1 with KDE; doe not occur on newer desktop machine with same O/S. Simplest scenario: Open browser with blank page, monitor using "top" program in a command window. Normal at this point. Then type the first few character of any url in. Watch FF go to top of list within seconds. 90% CPU is common; sometimes fluctuates down a way but come back up. Often won't even respond to terminate signal. If you actually pick a complete url it will eventually display the page but race condition never ends. This is accompanied by unexplained disk access - almost continuous, but swap file usage doe not grow. I think it must be paging, though.

NOTE: SAFE MODE HAS NO EFFECT -- STILL HAPPENS. REMOVING PLUGINS HAS NO EFFECT -- STILL HAPPENS. FF 2 on these machine is still completely normal and completely usable. I have a feeling the problem with FF3 on the older laptop ha to do with the small RAM available (256 and 192 MB), but wonder if a machine with more RAM is masking a problem that is still there.

Note: If you start FF 3 with a saved home page(s), or just select page from bookmarks, thing are normal (I think). The problem doe not occur until you type in a url (I think).

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Start FF 3 with blank page on (probably) machine with small RAM and Linux
2.Type first few character of any url (I think just www is enough)
3 Monitor for race condition
Actual Results:
Race condition. FF 3 really not usable at that point

Expected Results:
Normal cpu use while loading a page then should decrease to very little

I have called it critical severity because often time the machine must be halted to recover. Sometimes even KDE can not be restarted (with ctrl-alt-backspace). Occasionally you do manage to stop FF3 and then can proceed with a different browser.
