Firefox graphical performance reduced after use of Mac OS zoom feature
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.5; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008051202 Firefox/3.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.5; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008051202 Firefox/3.0

After using the system zoom (accessible via the universal access preference pane) feature in Mac OS 10.5 (and possibly earlier versions) many graphical action in Firefox are very slow. This is most noticeable when scrolling with smooth scrolling in firefox enabled, and with moving through bookmark item in menu (for example, a bookmark folder accessed from the bookmark toolbar. The system menu bar is not effected). The problem can occur even if the zoom feature wa simply used when Firefox wa not even launched - it doe not have to be actually in use at any time afterward for the slow performance to occur. It can be fixed by either logging out the current user or by putting the machine into sleep, then waking it up again.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Ensure that "Zoom" in the Universal Access system preference pane is ON.
2.Hold the control key (default on OS 10.5) and scroll the mouse wheel to zoom in by any amount.
3. Zoom back out or deactivate the zoom feature.
4. Launch Firefox.
5. scrolling through item in XUL menu and smooth scrolling on webpage will be much much slower and le smooth than they were prior to use of zoom feature.
6. Log out of current user and log in again to reset to normal behavior.
Actual Results:
scrolling through item in XUL menu and smooth scrolling on webpage will be much much slower and le smooth than they were prior to use of zoom feature.

Log out of current user or put machine to sleep to reset to normal behavior.

Expected Results:
One would expect previous use of the Mac OS Zoom feature to have no effect on Firefox performance when the feature is not currently being used (and minimal effect when in use).

System: MacBook Pro 15 2.4ghz Intel
OS: Mac OS 10.5.2
Firefox 3.0RC1 (also in latest nightly builds).

Other: FileVault encryption is ENABLED on this machine.
