Let a user choose a UI object to be an auto-refresh button
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008051206 Firefox/3.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008051206 Firefox/3.0

There are some web page (e.g., web mail sites, stock quotes) I keep open in separate tab that it would be very useful to be able to choose a particular button/link a an auto-refresh button that would be automatically clicked by the browser after a particular period of time that the user specifies.

The reason I would find it useful is that some site automatically time out after a particular period of time, requiring me to log back in if I don't access them within that time. Rather than having to remember to keep clicking the refresh button or a particular link that cause a "choice refresh" (as opposed to a page's default refresh), I'd like to keep their content up to date and only go back to a page when I have the time.

Either a part of this request or a an added feature, it would also be helpful to have a cached list of refreshes so that if the content changed while I wasn't looking at it, I could go back and view that. Using a metaphor like Mac OS X Leopard's Time Machine might make this capability more useful. This would be most helpful for those page that show news postings.

The feature should also auto-detect when a page ha an auto-refresh already installed and ask the user, when choosing an auto-refresh option, if the regular page should be disabled or performed in addition to the chosen auto-refresh and what should happen if the two refreshes occur within a particular delta of time.

I can see this working in this manner:
1. The user selects the "Choose auto-refresh option".
2. The web page go into an alpha-channeled shadow mode similar to Safari 3's Find mode with each possible link highlighted either automatically or when waved over in a manner like Safari's text highlight in Find mode.
3. The user click the button/link to be automatically selected.
4. An contextual dialog appears next to the link in which the user chooses the amount of time to wait between auto-refreshes and whatever conflict resolution is required when an auto-detected auto-refresh already exists.
5. If the UI object no longer exists on the next refresh cycle, let the user choose what to do: 1) Alert the user, 2) Perform a regular page refresh, 3) Pass the auto-refresh on to another UI object (this implies the ability to specify multiple UI object or at least a set of fallback UI objects), 4) Do nothing, 5) Visually but subtly indicate to the user that the auto-refresh did not return the same UI object and allow the user to return to the previously cached page.

Reproducible: Always
