Firefox 3 Table cell (td) and display block then offsetleft offsettop return 0 positioning
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008052906 Firefox/3.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008052906 Firefox/3.0

If you have a table cell (td) set to display:block and you attempt to retrieve it offsetleft and offsettop they both return 0 instead of the correct value.

This is a very big problem for third party apps for integrating into people software where source isnt controlled. Javascript menus, DHTML, dynamic content, drag and drop applications.

My application I wrote is completely destroyed in firefox on some people site now because this bug ha no workaround.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Create an HTML page in standard mode (optional)
2. Create a table with cell
3. On a TD cell set the display to block
4. Now tun of thing go wrong! Positioning is off, if you remove the display block it add white space, all kind of good things.
5. Inspect the offsetLeft and offsetTop of the TD cell you made display block
Actual Results:
The offsetLeft and offsetTop were both 0

Expected Results:
the offsetLeft and offsetTop should be 2

There are tun of problem when a td is set to block. If you change it to block, then '' it add random white space.

There is another issue with positioning and display:block but I am unable to pinpoint what exactly the problem is, but I can tell you IT DOES OCCUR. I build web apps and one web app broke on a client side. I removed display:block from a TD in a parent element, and BOOM it fixed. Privacy reason I can't link to his site, but I am going to upload an example file that show the problem with display:block.

Please fix this... it really really important for positioning issue with DHTML and drag and dropping elements.

P.S. please make the provided function work for getting the position 100% of the time!!! I have to make tun of work arounds to fix problem with position:relative, absolute, and with IE and safari.
