Blackboard: clicking link doesn't navigate, but instead try to reload (causing POSTDATA warning)
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008052906 Firefox/3.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008052906 Firefox/3.0

On modem/router software and a few other site (such a blackboard.newcastle.edu.au used by Newcastle University) when a link is clicked the current page is reloaded rather than the link. Blackboard is used by a lot of other educational institution also.

If a username and password is needed for testing blackboard I can provide it, i cant think of any site that dont require authentication at this stage that the bug could be tested on. Blackboard seems to be completely written in javascript.

On modem it usually state that resending of POSTDATA is required and if you click resend, the same page reloads however if cancel is pressed the link loads.

On the blackboard site iFrames are used, and i am not sure if the bug is related to focusing in withing a frame but whenever a link is clicked the page you are on simply reloads, can not navigate to the link. Navigating to the link is fine in internet explorer.

Firefox 2.0.0.14 this worked fine in, I dont have any addons or anything and this is a fresh install so Im pretty sure this is a bug and not just a configuration error. I thought i should add, I know for sure that the page I am trying to access have not change recently.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Navigate to any router or site using POSTDATA to request link etc
2. Click Link
3. When prompted about POSTDATA click Resend
4. Same page will reload
5. Click link again, but instead of clicking resend click Cancel
6. A prompt about postdata will appear again, clcik cancel again
7. Desired Link will load

On other sites:

Click a link, and there no indication of POSTDATA being, but the current page reloads and not the link you desire I am not sure of a work around.


Actual Results:
Exactly a described, page loaded after clicking cancel

Expected Results:
When Resend postdata is clicked the POSTDATA should be resent, it seems like the Cancel button is doing this when it shouldnt i.e. the code for the button is the wrong way around.

When there is no indication of postdata the link should just load in the desired frame but doesnt seem to.

The computer is running XP service pack 3. Noticed the problem in firefox rc2 after installing recently.

I don't think it ha anything to do with configuration a it occurred straight away. I have deleted the cooky etc, dont run any extension or add ons and the problem is still occurring.

I noticed that Blackboard seems to be written completely in Javascript and the modem I have been trying to navigate have cgi-bin. The consistent theme is that they do not use <a href=""> a links, firefox may be struggling to handle link that are not considered to be hyperlinks.
