Privacy concern with respect to content-prefs.sqlite file
Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9pre) Gecko/2008060806 Minefield/3.0pre ID:2008060806

This bug represents a minor edge-case privacy issue and so isn't major... but I'd be interested on what peoples' thought are.

The content-prefs.sqlite file associate domain name with zoom level so the zoom level of a domain is persistent across tab and indeed browsing sessions. By loading this file into an SQLite Database app you are able to see what domain have had a zoom-level set, and so what domain someone ha visited.

My concern is that Clear Private Data doe not clean this data AND there is no UI for presenting the data held in this file.

- Some data like browsing history, cookies, download history, etc, can be cleared in Clear Private Data. The user's privacy is easily protected.

- Data held in the file permissions.sqlite (for what domain can show popups, set cookies, install add-ons, etc) can NOT be cleared from Clear Private Data, BUT everything held in this file ha UI in Firefox where the user can see the data and easily remove it if required. Additionally, this data is only present if a user either explicitly add it or click a button or something.

The exception to these two group is the zoom level stored in content-prefs.sqlite .. the user only need to change the zoom level (CTRL++) and the domain name is recorded in the file. There is no way to automatically remove this data, nor to browse the data to see what's stored there.

If the user doe want a domain removed from content-prefs.sqlite then they _can_ go to the domain and reset the zoom level back to default (CTRL+0), but this isn't particularly obvious and indeed isn't easy if you want to really protect your privacy.

After visiting a site you wouldn't want someone to know about, you'd have to always remember to reset the zoom level. And if you forgot to do this, but then cleared your history, there'd be every chance you couldn't remember what site it was, you couldn't find the site using your (now empty) history, but you'd have a reference to this domain in your content-prefs.sqlite file, which someone could find if they went looking.
