browser doe not attempt to open link which have been clicked on
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.4; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008061004 Firefox/3.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.4; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008061004 Firefox/3.0

When I click on links, the browser doe not always try to open them (there is no indication that the page is being loaded). This is the case whether I am just clicking on them or attempting to open them in a new tab by holding down the apple key while I click. Further attempt to load these same link result in continued failure to load them. However, if the browser is restarted and the same page is reloaded, it is possible to view the links. I have noticed that this problem only occurs in conjunction with another bug I reported, 441510, a fact which may or may not be relevant.

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Click on a link.
2.
3.
Actual Results:
Nothing happens.

Expected Results:
I expect the page to be fetched and rendered. At least I would expect to see an indication of the page being loaded (ie 'Looking up ...' at the bottom of the browser).

This happened earlier today when I wa trying to view an airline website. I didn't think much of it, because these site are often notoriously bad, with JavaScript which muck up everything you're trying to do. Consequently, I didn't note down the URL, although I believe it wa www.studentuniverse.com. After several attempt to click on various link I shut down the browser and restarted it and thing worked again.

Just now I tried to look at a page where there shouldn't be any JavaScript issue and noted the same problem. Specifically, I searched images.google.com for 'banjo' and attempted to view the fourth image in the result (located on www.musicwithease.com). The first several time I tried to click on the image nothing happened. After I went to another tab (this one, to file a bug report) and did a few thing (searched for similar reports), I went back to the same site (images.google.com), performed the same search, and wa able to click on the image.
