When posting a comment on blog from this site, the server return a "invalid security code" after saying the comment wa accepted. Likewise, registration in certain website with security code to be typed can't be completed because of the same problem.
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008052906 Firefox/3.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008052906 Firefox/3.0

Just after upgrading to Firefox 3.0, I tried to leave a comment on the blog at http://fabioseixas.folha.blog.uol.com.br/ and, after typing the security code, the screen switched to the "Comment accepted" screen and then immediately to an "Invalid security code" which asked for a new code to be typed. I typed the new code, and then another, and one more... Eventually, I sent the same comment 7 time before realizing it wa a kind of bug. The comment did reach the blog, only Firefox kept being redirected to the error page.

A similar problem happened when trying to register on www.elegantangel.com (yep, for my daily dose of smut). The registration won't complete, presumably because the page ha a security code to be typed.

Other site which also ask for confirmation code work fine, though.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Enter http://fabioseixas.folha.blog.uol.com.br/
2. Click the comment link (Comentários) in any of the posts.
3. Leave a comment, inputting the mandatory field Name, e-mail and City/state/country marked with an asterisk.
4. Type in the security code.
5. Watch a you're taken to a "Comment accepted" page and immediately to a "Invalid security code".
6. Alternatively, try to complete a registration in www.elegantangel.com (NSFW, but screw that, bug are bug in both news and porn sites).
Actual Results:
The comment will be sent normally to the blog, only you'll be told otherwise. On the other case, you won't be able to complete the registration and so need to find porn elsewhere (like it's a hard task, anyway...).

Expected Results:
Confirmed the comment wa sent post a usual, or let me register in the site.

The following extension are installed and active, all properly updated:

AdBlock Plus
FlashGot
Forecastfox
Google Toolbar for Firefox
Session Manager
Text Link
TrashMail.net


The following extension are installed but inactive for compatibility issue with FF3.0

Fancy Numbered Tabs
Fast Video Download
Media Pirate
Megaupload SX
Skype extension for Firefox
Tab Mix Plus
ZoomFox
