Bookmarks subfolders are difficult to open from primary folder
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008052906 Firefox/3.0 Creative ZENcast v2.01.01
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008052906 Firefox/3.0 Creative ZENcast v2.01.01

I use subfolders within my general bookmark folders. Starting at the "Bookmarks" drop down menu, I guide my cursor to a bookmark folder, which open it and show bookmark and subfolders under that folder. As I guide my cursor to the subfolder, the subfolder opens; however when I guide my cursor to a bookmark in the subfolder, the subfolder close and I'm back to the main folder. If I attempt this a few times, I eventually get the subfolder to stay open, but this did not happen under FF 2.0.



Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Cursor at "Bookmarks";
2.Move to bookmark folder which contains both bookmark and subfolders containing other bookmarks;
3.Move cursor to subfolder, which open the subfolder and show the bookmark within it;
4.Moving cursor to one of the bookmark in the subfolder immediately close the subfolder and return the menu to the primary folder which contains the subfolder;
5.Attempting this several time eventually result in reaching the desired bookmark. One method which work intermittently is to keep the cursor on the subfolder for 5 to 10 second and then attempt to move the cursor to a bookmark positioned within the subfolder, but lower on the screen from the position of the subfolder.
Actual Results:
As I guide my cursor to the subfolder, the subfolder opens; however when I guide my cursor to a bookmark in the subfolder, the subfolder close and I'm back to the main folder.

Expected Results:
The cursor should have positioned at the bookmark within the subfolder. This wa the result in Firefox 2.0 and in any other browser I've ever used.

I am using the following add-ons: Download Helper 3.1, Chatzilla, DownloadThemAll, Greasemonkey, and Torbutton 1.2.0rc1. Previous add-on from 2.0 remain in the list, but are not usable with 3.0.
