While opening websites, firefox sometimes completely freeze temporarily showing hourglass (Menu, other tabs, other windows)
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; de-DE) AppleWebKit/525.19 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/3.1.2 Safari/525.21
Build Identifier: 3.0 and lower

Tis is a behavior not only Mozilla, but all window browser I know show from time to time (including opera, IE, safari). There must be a very elementary reason behind it. Fixing it would be a very strong argument for mozilla!

The problem: sometimes a website need some time to open. Normally, you meanwhile can browse other site in other tabs, and you can further handle the browser, use the menu and especially stop loading the "hanging" site with ESC. In some cases, however - I cannot give a rule in which one - the complete browser will temporarily freeze until it finally ha managed or given up to open the site.

If this happens, CPU usage of firefox is nearly at 0%, and other application work just normally. Even other browser are unaffected! Only firefox seems to focus alone on that specific website, regretting any communication and parallel threading until having it opened or given up trying - in spite of the fact that there are enough system resources.

The bug will not appear 20 times, and opening the 21tst article, firefox will freeze for a minute.

This can be very annoying. I do not know whether the problem is correlated to certain website structures, a it only occurs when opening of a site is slow because of (I guess) server traffic. When visiting the same site later, it may open normal.

I do not think the problem ha to do with script on the web sit, a I use Proxomitron a a proxy for filtering which block many bad scripting (and also many advertisings). Regardless If I bybass Proxomitron or not, the result main the same. Furthermore, I am talking about quite normal sites, often from important newspaper like www.spiegel.de - site which do not change their scripting or page structure and which do not use extreme code.



Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
Difficult, a it depends on server response. But I think every user know the phenomenon. IF it happens, however, other browser show the same behavior: try to open the site, and they will freeze for some time.



It should give me, a it normally does, the opportunity to surf other site meanwhile a well a stopping the "hanging" download.
