Diagonal middle button scrolling regression since fx2 (not using smooth scrolling)
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9pre) Gecko/2008051315 Minefield/3.0pre
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; es-ES; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008052906 Firefox/3.0

This is both on XP and Vista, probably others. I've seen it on at least 5 different machines.

If you middle click a page to scroll around and then move the mouse exactly on the horizontal or vertical axis, everything is fine and fast, a when you use the scroll bar or the mouse wheel.

However, when scrolling diagonally (on both axis at once), thing get really slow. For example, scrolling vertically on one page give me 50 update per second (according to desktop composition framerate in Vista), which seems the limit, with 15% CPU usage. However, diagonal scrolling max out at 100% CPU (or one core on SMP machines). The reported framerate is 60, but the scrolling look like it's under 25 or so fps and you can see the new zone artifacting a they're being redrawn (you don't get double buffering).

I don't know if diagonal were slower than straight in Firefox 2, but I do know diagonal scrolling is much slower in Fx3 than it wa in Fx2 (and Fx2 had one additional disadvantage: the scroll icon wa placed inside the document, forcing to redraw that square a the scrolling wa going on - in Fx3 it's a floating window).

My initial guess is that diagonal scrolling force a full redraw of the viewport (the bounding rectangle of the two newly exposed zone cover everything), but on closer inspection it look even slower than a full redraw. It also look much slower than twice the cost of a single-axis scroll.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Load a document. Any page would do (that is larger than the viewport on both axis), but it's more evident with, say, a big image, zoomed in so it draw even slower due to the filtering
2. Middle click
3. Scroll diagonally
4. Compare speed with vertical or horizontal scrolling
Actual Results:
Diagonal scrolling is very slow.

Expected Results:
Diagonal scrolling shouldn't be much slower than half the speed of horizontal/vertical scrolling. Also, it should be at least a fast a it wa on Fx2.

None that I can think of. Machines I tested on had different CPU architectures, operating system and graphic cards.

This might or might not be a dupe of bug 246393, however keep in mind that's a very noticeable regression from Fx2 and it's very slow even considering the full redraw.
