Mozilla should distribute a "Free core fonts" set a part of the Firefox distribution
What happens now:
* If a web page specifies the use of a high-quality Free font such a DejaVu, SIL Gentium or Computer Modern within a web page, very few browser will be able to display it a intended.

What should happen:
* All Firefox user (and eventually all or almost all user of other browsers, see below) should be able to see the text displayed in the correct font

I suggest that Mozilla should make a set of these already-existing high-quality available a part of the Firefox distribution, either by packaging them with the browser, distributing them via software update or install-on-demand download, or by making them available via extensions.

Advantages:

This would greatly increase the number of high-quality font available for use on the Web, for Firefox user on all operating systems. Since Firefox's market share is now greater than 20% worldwide and rapidly growing, this should be sufficient to create a network effect in favour of the use of these font (which will be completely backwards compatible: see below). Their presence on large number of web page will encourage other browser and operating system vendor to package these font a part of their distributions.

In particular, this will be useful for user of language written in non-Roman script which are not widely supported by native font in most computer operating systems. Examples of non-Roman font include Georgian, Amharic, Burmese, Tibetan, Malayalam, Sinhalese, Cree, Inuktitut and Cherokee. This will also be useful for user of language written in Roman scripts, such a Vietnamese, which use unusual character or diacritic combination which are not widely supported in mainstream fonts.

Finally, the availability of Free mathematics font for Firefox will greatly help the adoption of MathML.

Disadvantages:

None. Because of the pre-existing provision for fallback in HTML/CSS font specifications, and the continuing market dominance of Internet Explorer, web page designer will continue to use font fallback appropriately, and the use of these font should not disadvantage the user of any other browser or operating system.
