Certificate authority do not protect against Man in the Middle attack
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux x86_64; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008062908 Iceweasel/3.0 (Debian-3.0~rc2-2)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux x86_64; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008062908 Iceweasel/3.0 (Debian-3.0~rc2-2)

Certificate authority do not protect against man-in-the-middle attacks, which is ostensibly the reason that they exist. Instead of your ISP doing such an attack, any one of the many security authority could do such an attack, and sign their own bogus certificates, with you never the wiser. The ISP, the certificate authority, and even the government could get in on it, successfully intercepting your secure transaction with no warning from Firefox at all.

Certificate authority are important, so that we can identify who to trust, but they must be selected by the users, not by the mozilla corporation, nor by convention, nor convenience. If corporation gain the right to act a authority for all mozilla browsers, they can use that to restrict the market and people have to pay them money just to avoid Firefox employing scare tactic against it customers. The only function of having built-in certificate is to provide the illusion of trust and convenience, when the user never agreed to trust those people at all.

Firefox come with libnsckbi.so installed a a security device by default, when the user may not wish to trust the authority corporation listed therein a certificate authorities. That should be disabled, or at least the user should be asked about it on installation ("Do you want to install the certificate for certain common trusted authorities?")

When visiting a site whose root authority is not on Firefox's list, it prompt many warning and allows for a "Security Exception" for that certificate, but it doe not allow the user to add the certificate authority to their list of authorities. If it did allow them to do so, they would only get those warning once for each authority, but would not be obliged to trust the authority built into libnsckbi.

In an ideal world one would only add new authority and certificate after having exchanged those by hand, in person. As is, we have to download the same certificate through the same ISP that we then have to try to establish a secure connection through. The current system in Firefox set up a dangerous situation though, where anyone who can buy their way into libnsckbi get a blanket trust and can disable Firefox's warnings. Since we're obviously not exchanging certificate through independant 3rd party mediums, the only function these warning have left then is to discriminate against certificate authority who cannot gain enough power and influence to get added into libnsckbi. I'm not saying the people who decide that are necessarily unfair or beytraying of their community, just that the burden of who to trust should not be levied on them, but on the end user who ha the most to lose if an error is made.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Start a new empty user account in firefox
2. Go to https://spages.half.ebay.com/
3. Go to https://cacert.org/
Actual Results:
ebay.com ha a working certificate by default, even if the user doesn't know or want to trust whoever is labeled a VeriSign. cacert.org requires the user navigate several ominous worded error page warning them away, which ebay get a free ticket out of. In the "Add Security Exception" dialog, the mozilla foundation claim (wrongly, possibly libelliously) that cacert.org is not a legitimate bank, store, or other public site.

Expected Results:
Both page both require some confirmation from the user before trusting the certificate from that page, or at least the certificate authority that page is signed by. Also a certificate with an unknown issuer is not invalid, just unknown.
