Firefox 3.0.1 show problem with forum running vBulletin software that 3.0.0 did not
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.9.0.1) Gecko/2008070208 Firefox/3.0.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.9.0.1) Gecko/2008070208 Firefox/3.0.1

I added Thursday's (17 July 2008) patch to bring Firefox up to 3.0.1. Since then, I have noticed some peculiarity on a site, BloggingHeads.tv, that run the vBulletin forum software. Specifically: if I edit a post, and then save the changes, I have to reload the page to see the saved changes. Also, if I edit, then save, then edit a post again, I have to reload the edit page to see, in the textarea, the change that I made the first time. I can reproduce this error at will, including in new browser sessions, although I can't think of a way to save and share anything that would illustrate the problem. Sorry about that.

Unfortunately, I do not post on any other site running vBulletin, so I can't be sure if this is truly a general problem. But it is accurate to say that I never experienced this "stale posts" problem before on that site, and it started right after I upgraded Firefox from 3.0.0 to 3.0.1.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Log into site. Visit a post put up under that username.
2. Click the edit button, make changes, click "save changes."
3. Observe display doe not show changes. Click browser reload button. Observe changes.

And similarly for the stale edit page.
Actual Results:
The page displaying the post always need to be reloaded to see the change from the last editing session. The page displaying the editing interface need to be reloaded if I want to re-edit an existing post. This is new behavior, correlated with the latest Firefox patch.

Expected Results:
After saving change to a post, the updated post should display these change without the new page needing to be reloaded. When re-editing a post, the textarea should show the most recent saved change without the page needing to be reloaded.
