Firefox is not loading all of the code for the site, so everything ha reverted to a Web 0.0 look
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X 10.4; en-US; rv:1.9.0.1) Gecko/2008070206 Firefox/3.0.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X 10.4; en-US; rv:1.9.0.1) Gecko/2008070206 Firefox/3.0.1

The site usually start just fine and once I am on them for awhile, they stop loading properly and at first I thought it wa just the NCUALIVE site, but then it just happened on GoDaddy too. Basically, Firefox is not reading all of the code that governs text size and style and the background turn basic white and it like I am in a time warp or like Craig's List highjacked my site and GoDaddy's. This happened once just a Firefox first prompted me to download the new version and I did not do it immediately. Because of the problem, I quickly downloaded the new version hoping that the problem would go away, but it didn't. Today I noticed the GoDaddy bug too so I figured it wa on your end not mine. So below I am going to tell you about how it happens on GoDaddy because the other site it happens during an administrator function.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Site load fine and a I log in it first doesn't load all of the graphic
2.If I refresh the graphic are fine, and I select "My Account" and the graphic go crazy again and I can't read the choices. Text is jumbled.
3.I hit refresh 2 time before I can read anything and it ha that Craig's list look.
4. It eventually get me to the page that I want, but graphic are still missing and certain text is jumbled. I guess it depends on the programing.
Actual Results:
I wa able to complete the task eventually but only after having to refresh a few times. On the other website, www.ncualive.com, refreshing doesn't do much of anything. It still seems to give me the same graphic and type issues.

Expected Results:
It should have viewed all graphic and type the way the site wa programed to express it.

I believe that this totally associated with this version of Firefox 3.0.1. 3.0 worked without a hiccup. I also notice that Firefox will not give me access to "preferences".
