When the image of the outfit in the url I provided is clicked, the page is resized and the content are not fully visible in the window.
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.1) Gecko/2008070208 Firefox/3.0.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.1) Gecko/2008070208 Firefox/3.0.1

If the picture is clicked, the page that load is in a shrunken window and show an outline like it is trying to expand to the correct size but quickly shrink back to the small window size leaving only part of the page visible. The window is resizable to the correct size however by the usual mean of clicking on the corner. Add-ons that I have installed are Adblock Plus, Download Statusbar, Fission, IE Tab, Image Zoom, Page Zoom Buttons, PDF Dowload, and Searchbar Autosizer. I have tried disabling quite a few of these but it doe not seem to help. I have read through all help site that I can find and no one seems to have my problem. I upgraded from Firefox 2 to Firefox 3 and I have a few customized options.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. In the advanced javascript setting make sure the box beside "move or resize existing windows" is checked (filled in).

2. Go to the web page http://www.victoriassecret.com/commerce/application/prodDisplay/?namespace=productDisplay&origin=onlineProductDisplay.jsp&event=display&prnbr=9B-234405&page=1&cgname=OSSWMNEWZZZ&rfnbr=5111.

3. Click on the top outfit of the page and it will open a new window.

4. The page load in a shrunken window and show an outline like it is trying to expand to the correct size but quickly shrink back to the small window size leaving only part of the page visible.

5. If the box in the advanced javascript setting is unchecked (not filled in), the webpage will still appear shrunken leaving almost everything on the page unseeable. However, the quick flash of the correct size window never appears.
Actual Results:
The page load in a shrunken window and show an outline like it is trying to expand to the correct size but quickly shrink back to the small window size leaving only part of the page visible.

Expected Results:
The page should load in a properly sized window so that all of the contents, picture especially, are visible without having to manually resize the window.

The software should have allowed the properly sized window to be displayed without trying to readjust the size. If it is not readjusting the size on it own then the software is somehow reading the webpage sizing incorrectly.
