Seem to have firefox locking up on exit, maintaining a file lock on all the profile files. Bookmarks & history gone, navigation button disabled when next opened.
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.9.0.1) Gecko/2008070208 Firefox/3.0.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.9.0.1) Gecko/2008070208 Firefox/3.0.1

Im not sure what initially caused the problem with Firefox, but it may be something to do with a forced shutdown.
Symptoms i noticed are a follows:
No bookmark - Below "organise bookmarks" there is a blank section with an icon, and a very small submenu item, like 4 pixel square, also blank. Can go to organise bookmarks, but can not restore backups, import html file etc. For the backups, i get the message "Unable to process the backup file.", and for the importing of HTML, nothing happens at all.

History - No history appears to be recorded in the history view, for current or past sessions. Although, if i right click on the foward / back buttons, i get the list of recently visited page for that tab.

Navigating buttons: Greyed out, in all situations. This includes Forward, back, reload and stop. They are also greyed out in the context and main menus. They also can not be access via keyboard and mouse shortcuts.

Toolbars: If i right click and select "Customise", even if i just close the customise window from there, the main menu will become deactivated. Right clicking on the main file menu just brings up the toolbar context menu.

It appears a though the current profile ha become completely corrupted. I tried to make a new profile, and it worked fine for a few minutes. But after a couple of restarts, it back to the same old problems. The only addons i have installed are Adblock Plus, Noscript, and DownThemAll.

I will go and do some more troubleshooting, seeing if i can isolate it to any of these addons. (Mind you, once a profile becomes corrupt, it appears unrecoverable, even in safemode. i dont know enough about the config file used now to muck with them!)

Reproducible: Couldn't Reproduce

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Start firefox with firefox.exe -p and created a new profile
2. Installed all default addons a below.
3. Tried to restart numerous time to corrupt profile.
Actual Results:
First time i created a new profile, it corrupted in the same wa a the first, but i haven't been able to replicate this since :(

Expected Results:
I suspect early or forced termination of the program is causing the profile to become corrupt.. Similar to other bugs, although i also have navigation dramas.

Default plugins:
Adblock Plus
Noscript
DownThemAll

I had a few extra plugins initally, but the one above are the one i had when it corrupted the second time. Default theme also.
