Distorted ebay search criterion - only happens in Mozilla, criterion is correct when using IE.
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.16) Gecko/20080702 Firefox/2.0.0.16
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.16) Gecko/20080702 Firefox/2.0.0.16

This happens every couple of months. Yesterday I wa on ebay via mozilla and did a search and my customized criterion wa correct (the same a it is if I use IE). Today the criterion is all screwed up, yet it is EXACTLY a I had set up a long time ago on IE. My cooky are set to prompt on mozilla & IE. I accept all 1st party cooky but don't accept 3rd party cookies. I clear cooky every few days.

I cleared cooky today and even emptied my exception list. I closed the mozilla browser and reopened. Went to ebay, signed in and did a search. The criterion is still messed up. I tried to correct it and EVEN THE CHOICES AVAILABLE ARE DIFFERENT THAN THEY WERE ON IE AT THE SAME TIME!!! Am happy to email you print screen upon request. Talked to ebay and they say it's in the mozilla settings.

In addition to that, I cannot do a search of completed auction on ebay using mozilla. I can on IE. WHen I'm on mozilla, it keep asking me to sign into ebay even tho I'm already signed in. This doesn't happen on IE.

Finally, when I click on mozilla "tools" & "options" the window that apprears is missing the top bar that show the title on the left side and the minimize/maximize/close button on the left. I have tried uninstalling mozilla and downloading it again and it doesn't help. I have a new laptop and don't have that problem on it.

Please address these issues. I've tried posting on the forums, but got no help.

Thank you.




Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. clear cooky & exception
2. close mozilla browser & reopen
3. go to ebay, sign in, click on my ebay page, go to searches, click on saved search and my previously saved criterion ha reverted to default.
4. go to IE follow same step and my previously saved criterion is STILL ACTIVE.
5. using mozilla browser, I click on customize search and the box w/choices is VERY DIFFERENT IN CONTENTS AND FORMAT than it appears in IE AT THE SAME TIME!!!
6. using mozilla browser, I customize search with available choices. I click apply and do another search. It appears back to default. AGAIN, I do NOT have this problem with IE.

I apply similar step when I try to do an advanced search for complete ebay auctions.
Actual Results:
See Steps to Reproduce. Results included there.

Expected Results:
1. I EXPECT that mozilla NOT lose my ebay search criterion (especially since it isn't lost when I attempt to search using IE at the SAME time).

2. I EXPECT that I should be able to search for completed ebay auction using mozilla in the same way I can when using IE.


After a lengthy discussion w/a very helpful ebay rep who also us mozilla for EVERYTHING EXCEPT EBAY, he confirmed that he had similar problem w/mozilla. He checked with another tech and it wa suggested that maybe the problem is in our settings. But wa not specific.

I do run ABP (which I LOVE!), but I doubt that is the cause since I have been unable to use the search for complete auction in mozilla for the last several months. Plus nothing ha changed w/my ABP or any other mozilla setting since I redownloaded it a while back. The missing ebay search criterion is intermittent - like I said it worked fine yesterday and not today.

I use XP Professional Media Center. IE 6 svc pk 2 w/latest updates. No new software added, no change to hard drive...no change at all in any area except general update to mozilla and IE. I'm waiting to update to mozilla 3 until the bug are worked out. I never update new version w/major change until bug have been worked out.

I am and have for quite some time using the red cat theme. I'm pretty sure the only other add on I have is ABP.

They do NOT happen on any other website but ebay that I know of. At first I thought it wa an ebay issue and I wa even willing to live with having to go to IE to search completed auctions, but now that it's messing w/my customized ebay search criteria, it's time to address these glitches. I have noticed that you have an ebay add on & that there are many complaints. So I have held off downloading that.

I really hope you can help with these issues.
