With Gmail open in tab, FF hang after Clear Private Data
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.5; en-US; rv:1.9.0.1) Gecko/2008070206 Firefox/3.0.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.5; en-US; rv:1.9.0.1) Gecko/2008070206 Firefox/3.0.1

I'm running FF3.0.1 on an iMac under OS X 5.4. I do not have "Clear Private Data upon closing Firefox" selected under my privacy preferences. I prefer to manually select "Tools>Clear Private Data."
The following scenario play out whenever I have Gmail open in a tab. (I am not logged into a specific Gmail account, but the FF Master Password is active to enable automatic login to Gmail). When I end a browsing session by manually selecting "Tools > Clear Private Data," the process appears to complete normally; however, a drop-down then appears demanding my password, but the drop-down will not accept input and FF is essentially frozen. If I attempt to Quit, the password drop-down disappears and then reappears... still unable to accept input. This becomes an infinite loop. I am forced to use Mac Activity Monitor utility to force quit Firefox. Then I can restart FF and normal condition return. Apparently clearing private data clear the Master Password and that set off a new password request loop that will not accept input and disables any further interaction with Firefox.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open Firefox
2. Open Gmail in tab
3. Enter Master Password (to enable access to Gmail accounts)
4. Open and browse other tab
5. Close other tab (leaving Gmail open, but not gmail account active)
6. Select "Tools>Clear Private Data"
7. Select choice from Clear Private Data option window
8. Press OK


Actual Results:
Private Data clear (I think) and FF window is restored, but Password Looping Problem begin at this point. Firefox hang and cannot be closed (normal Quit function is disabled). Force Quit required using Mac Activity Monitor.

Expected Results:
Firefox should resume normal operation; if Master Password is requested, drop-down should accept input.
