Make Ctrl+Tab an optional feature
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1b1pre) Gecko/20080907032646 Minefield/3.1b1pre (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1b1pre) Gecko/20080907032646 Minefield/3.1b1pre (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

Note: I put this on the 'feedback' area before I realized that it probably wasn't going to be looked at seriously, and so I offer my apologizes in advance for this double post.

-----

I want to like this feature, I really do...but it's a usability nightmare in almost every respect.

I'm referring to, specifically, the "preview" and new ctrl-tabbing behavior. This behavior ha all the element of a "win" - nice animation, previews, and memory in the tabbing. However, all of these feature are simply le powerful than their previous counterparts, le helpful, and unintuitive.

For example, one default behavior that browser user have is to open up several tabs, and then go through them in order. Usually, this is done with Alt+Tab: one alt+tab go to the first article clicked, another to the second, and so on. Now, the default behavior is on a single ALT+Tab is to go to the tab opened *before* the current tab. "I've already been there! I'm done with that tab for now! I want to see the one I just opened!" the user screams! After a few second of frustration, they think "Oh well, I"ll just keep alt+tabbing, looking for the article I want."

But now, the user is presented with not ten tab they can see, but three. The trade off (and supposed benefit) is that you get to see three preview of those windows. Unfortunately, the small size and lack of detail make this trade off a failure. Before, a user could open ten news story that they were interested in, and know exactly what it took to get to each of them. Now, instead of seeing the first half of each of those 10 story in their browser, they now see most of the title of one of them, and three images. These image are small and lack detail. To add further insult to injury, the animation used actually *increases* the time it take for the window I want to look at to be "previewable", since it end up having to move the small blurry image for a second or two before I can focus on it and decide whether or not this group of blurry squiggly line wa the article I wanted to look at or not.

The preview, by itself, might be useful if it took a long time to display a new tab; after all, summarizing and presenting information fast is the main benefit of previews. Unfortunately, this new tab implementation also fails in that regard: changing tab before wa almost instantaneous. The full window itself wa an excellent 'preview' tool. Didn't like it? Wrong one? Another button press and you were on another window. It used to take mere millisecond for the display to change, but now user have to wait for the animation to complete, and some extra time for their brain to decide if the fuzzy preview image is actually what they wanted to see. Now, you can only view one new tab in the time it took to see four or five before.

The preview behavior might be acceptable if it increased the chance of finding the right page, but it doesn't. Instead, it make Alt+Tab no longer a linear movement tool. Since "Alt+Tab" no longer go to the next tab, but the /last tab you were looking at/, trying to get to the next tab becomes an exercise in frustration. "Okay, how many tab ago did I look at that one?" a the user slowly move through tabs, straining their eye looking at the blurry picture and carefully reading the title of each one. They may do this, or they may simply give up and click on the one they want to go to, and dispense of the whole keyboard shortcut convenience.

I've seen this compared to the 'windows' alt+tab behavior, like in 445476. However, there are several very important differences. The window alt+tab behavior is instant: it brings up the new window and allows you to switch between them a fast a you can press alt+tab. You can see every single window, and see them right away. In addition, starting with Vista, they don't even keep the order past a few; after the first few "last visited" windows, they put them in alphabetical order, so you can more quickly find the window you wanted.

This feature ha the classic "Developer" behavior with tabs, when wanting to go back and forth between a few code file is desirable. The animations, the reflectiveness on the bottom of the window, the smooth transition are all quite nice, but they detract from the simplicity of the previous system, the one that people know and can use effectively. If it had been the default behavior since day one, it might not have been a problem. The fact is, the layman will not understand why he's suddenly unable to press "ctrl+tab" to see the cute picture of kitten he just opened. Making this non-standard behavior the default will alienate the majority of user who just want to get to the next tab in their browser, and it will be a thorn that could slow Firefox's adoption.

Reproducible: Always



Expected Results:
Make this an additional behavior, available for "power users" to turn on. Make it an option, for sure, but not the default option. Every other browser on the market give ctrl+tab preference to "next tab".
