Location bar prevents browser window from scaling smaller correctly
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.1) Gecko/2008070208 Firefox/3.0.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.1) Gecko/2008070208 Firefox/3.0.1

When you decrease the size of a window where the location bar will shrink to it minimum size, the rendered page width will no longer shrink with the window width. In fact, even the scroll bar cease to move with the page width.

Normally, this wouldn't occur, because Firefox's window will reach it's minimum width before the location bar does. However, if you move the location bar to a more restricted space, the location bar will reach it's minimum width before the window itself.

For example, say I want to move the location bar up to where the menu option are to clear up screen real estate. No big deal, just click customize and drag the location bar up there. But when I go to resize a window to make it smaller, the rendered html in the window won't shrink to the window size. It stay the same width a the minimum width location bar plus all of the other buttons' widths. The scroll bar also no longer scale with the window size, so I can no longer navigate up and down. Also, no side-to-side scroll bar appears to allow me to scroll sideways.

No other button or bar in the menu system ha this same restricting effect.

I have attached a screenshot with several window at different size illustrating what I mean. It might be kind of hard to explain in words, but the screenshot should help. To remove the location bar in several of the windows, I simply added it to and hid the Navigation toolbar.

Possible solutions:
-Make the location bar like all the other toolbar button and allow it to disappear without affecting the rendered width.
-Add a horizontal scroll bar when the window get too small, so user can still navigate sideways.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Move the Location Bar to the topmost toolbar (i.e. where the menu option are).
2. Shrink the Firefox window width.
3. The rendered html and scroll bar section will stay the same width a the window get smaller[1].

[1]-The location bar must have reached it's minimum width for the rendered window to no longer decrease width.
Actual Results:
The up-down scroll bar disappears and user cannot scroll side-to-side to see the now-hidden content.

Expected Results:
Either the rendered section width should resize with the window, or a side-to-side scroll bar should appear to allow horizontal scrolling.

This test wa performed on Firefox 3.0.1
