Upgraded from 3.0.1 which wa fine. Now say Page Load Error: Failed to connect, yet IE can.
User-Agent: Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 7.0; Windows NT 6.0; SLCC1; .NET CLR 2.0.50727; Media Center PC 5.0; .NET CLR 3.0.04506)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-GB; rv:1.9.0.3) Gecko/2008092417 Firefox/3.0.3

I upgraded from 3.0.1 to 3.0.2, which came up with the above error message. I then had to use IE to download 3.0.3, which still say Page Load Error.

And yes, I am connected to the internet! Everything work fine in IE, but can't get any webpage (Even the What's new in 3.0.3 page!) to load!

Although when I type an address that doesn't exist, it say Address not found. So it obviously know google.com exists, but is being refused?!?! As well a bbc.co.uk refusing it, and facebook.com, and myspace.com. Even though they all work fine on IE.

Error Message:

Failed to Connect

The connection wa refused when attempting to contact google.com

Though the site seems valid, the browser wa unable to establish a connection.

* Could the site be temporarily unavailable? Try again later.

* Are you unable to browse other sites? Check the computer's network connection.

* Is your computer or network protected by a firewall or proxy? Incorrect setting can interfere with Web browsing.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Load Mozilla
2. Connection Refused to Mozilla homepage
Actual Results:
Failed to Connect


The connection wa refused when attempting to contact google.com.

Though the site seems valid, the browser wa unable to establish a connection.

* Could the site be temporarily unavailable? Try again later.

* Are you unable to browse other sites? Check the computer's network connection.

* Is your computer or network protected by a firewall or proxy? Incorrect setting can interfere with Web browsing.

Expected Results:
Loaded google.com

Mozilla 3.0.1 worked about half an hour ago! An Internet Connection work fine in IE, but not for Mozilla. Checked Proxy settings, network, Work Offline, everything. Seems a general fault?!
