When enabling/disabling addons, user must not hold down LMB for any length of time over Enable/Disable button
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.3) Gecko/2008092417 Firefox/3.0.3
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.3) Gecko/2008092417 Firefox/3.0.3

In the "Add-ons" dialog, when I try to enable an addon by clicking on it "Enable" button (or disable an addon via the "Disable" button), if I click the left mouse button at the regular speed (depress the button and let go "immediately", say all in about 0.25 sec -- just an estimation), it will actually depress the "Enable" button and enable the add-on. However, if I press the left mouse button and hold it down for say about 0.5 second (or maybe le time) and then release it, it won't activate the button -- BUT it will actually change the keyboard focus to that button (showing the dotted rectangle around the text area) and depress and release the button, but it will still say "Enable" a if I hadn't pressed it at all.
This is a medium-level annoyance. I find myself constantly frustrated by clicking on this button the way I click on other buttons, but not having it respond the way other button do. And yes, during the entire button press/depress operation, the mouse cursor is located entirely over the real-estate of the button. If you're not paying total attention while you click on it, your brain will see the button graphic depress/undepress and you'll think you actually enabled the add-on when you actually haven't.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
0. Load some "Add-ons".
1. Bring up the "Add-ons" dialog.
2. Place the mouse over the "Disable" (or "Enable" button)
3A. Don't move the mouse; keep it over the "Disable"/"Enable" button:
3B. Click the left-mouse-button very fast and release it a fast a you can:
you should see the button gain keyboard focus (the dotted rectangle around
the button text) and the button will depress and undepress and toggle it
text to "Enable" or "Disable" -- this is working.
3C. Click the left-mouse-button very slowly and hold it down over the button -- don't release it. The button will gain keyboard focus and you can see it depress and undepress (all while you're still holding the LMB down) but it won't toggle it text, and the addon entry in the dialog won't indicate it's been enabled/disabled. When you actually do release the LMB button, nothing happens.
