Firefox doe not install a configured
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.9.0.3pre) Gecko/2008091617 Firefox/3.0.3pre
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.9.0.3pre) Gecko/2008091617 Firefox/3.0.3pre

If I configure firefox with "--disable-strip" and "--disable-strip-libs" (and '--enable-optimize=-O2\ -g2') [note I am running configure directly, bypassing the convoluted .mozconfig] one would expect the *compiled* firefox to be compiled with debug symbol and installed with debug symbol (and this is what I believe happened with Firefox 2.0).

Now, installed Firefox 3.0 binary are stripped of all symbols. I *do* not want my installed binary stripped, I want them *exactly* a they are compiled and produced in the source directories. This change wa apparently made back in April 2008, or maybe earlier, when toolkit/mozapps/installer/packager.mk wa changed to create an alternate firefox-devel (sdkdir) directory in which the lib subdirectory contains exact copy of the .so library with debug symbols.

I do not want 2 copy of the Firefox library (one stripped and one unstripped) installed. I just want 1 single functional copy with debug symbol (as wa the case in 2.0). The idea of wasting disk space with non-debug & debug version is silly. Or if you are going to do it require an explicit --enable-sdk option (default should be Firefox 2.0-like install with no stripping of the debug symbols).

It should be noted that even with the firefox-devel directory there is no unstripped firefox-bin! (despite the --disable-strip).

While I have managed to locate the "STRIP" definition in autoconf.mk and rules.mk, both ENABLE_STRIP and PKG_SKIP_STRIP are undefined in my autoconf.mk file -- so I do not understand *where* the strip activity is taking place. Due to the excessively complicated Firefox install process (e.g. nsinstall?) there is no output in the make output file that can direct me to what make file or program file I must modify to terminate this improper strip activity.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Build firefox with config optiosn a outlined in Details section, disabling all strip activity.
2. Install firefox (make install into /usr/local/lib/firefox-*)


Show me the document where it the justification for this change in firefox install behavior is justified. Or is this simply creative thinking on the part of some developer attempting to see how much extra disk space around the world he can waste?
Actual Results:
Striped firefox-bin and shared library end up in the firefox- directory while nonstriped shared library end up in the firefox-devel directory.

Expected Results:
As in previous version of firefox the installed binary and shared library should contain all debug symbols.

It would also be nice if when one included the "--enable-static" option one really ended up with a *STATIC* firefox (which would load faster than those that may require searching through many directory many time for shared object libraries). On all desktop system (which generally have a single user) there may only be a single firefox process ever running. Such user may prefer faster startup rather than shared library (which are never shared).

On Gentoo Linux, it would be nice if firefox, mozilla, nvu (or kompozer), seamonkey, etc. would all "share" the shared library -- but that isn't the way the package management and install process operate. So effectively all of the "shared libraries" are single-copy unshared libraries. I suspect this is true for other Linux version a well.

It is also worth noting that when "--enable-static" is used, the install process complains with at least 28 Warnings, e.g.
Warning: package error or possible missing or unnecessary file: bin/defaults/existing-profile-defaults.js (packages-static, 18).

A proper install should not be issuing warning of this nature.
