minimize window exploit via malvertisement with popup that redirects to known malware site
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10_4_11; en) AppleWebKit/525.18 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/3.1.2 Safari/525.22
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X; en-US; rv:1.8.1.17) Gecko/20080829 Firefox/2.0.0.17

I'm not sure if the exploit this page us should be technically considered a bug, or if it is functionality that firefox wish to preserve. But I am posting it here in hope that something possibly can be done about it.

This post refers to freescan.php and various website that try to scare the user to install the malware Antivirus 2009 by using some kind of pop-up exploit. NOTE: In preference I have "Block pop-up windows" turned ON, and I am still getting this pop up.

The user firefox window minimizes, and small popup show up warning the user about computer viruses, and that they should scan their computer with the free Antivirus 2009.

The user can not find the window again by going to Window in the tool bar. Clicking to another window, simply produce the mac color wheel of lag, and the only way out is to press CANCEL or OK on the popup.

Pressing on either cancel or ok will redirect the user to the antivirus main webpage. After receiving the pop up, i have always turned off my internet connection prior to pressing CANCEL or OK.

I have been reading speculation that people experiencing this are being redirected by malvertisements.

There is a discussion of this situation on dslreports, where i have posted some screen shot of the popups, a well a some of my history data from the history.dat file:
http://www.dslreports.com/forum/r20995938-Anatomy-of-a-Malware-Scam-XP-Antivirus-2008~start=100

People using firefox are reporting this issue on both Mac OS and Windows platforms.



Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:

1. go to http://fullantivirusscan.com/2009/1/freescan.php
2. also can try: http://onlineprivatescan.com/2009/1/freescan.php

Actual Results:
the window you were in will minimize. A new window will pop up with the previously mentioned warning and request to install Antivirus 2009. If you click on the CANCEL or OK button it will redirect you to fullantivirusscan.com

Expected Results:
I'm assuming that the window should not have been minimized and there should be no pop-up.

My apology if this is not considered an exploit or a security issue. Thank you for looking into this, and thanks for all your hard work on firefox!
