With Firefox 3.0 open and Shiretoko set to default browser, try to launch Shiretoko would result in "A copy of Firefox is already open. Only one copy of Firefox can be open at a time" error.
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.5; en-US; rv:1.9.0.3) Gecko/2008092414 Firefox/3.0.3
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.5; en-US; rv:1.9.0.3) Gecko/2008092414 Firefox/3.0.3

This is on Mac OS X 10.5.4, where I have both Firefox 3 and Shiretoko installed, and Shiretoko is set to be the default system browser. The error in question occurs when I launch Firefox 3 first, followed by launching Shiretoko.

This error impact Adobe AIR applications, like Twitter client Twhirl (please see "Additional Information" section below).


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Install Firefox 3, and Shiretoko (Alpha 2). I installed Shiretoko from:
http://developer.mozilla.org/devnews/index.php/2008/09/05/firefox-31-alpha-2-now-available-for-download/ (Mac OS X: Shiretoko Alpha 2.dmg)
2. Set Shiretoko to be the default system browser.
3. Launch Firefox 3, followed by launching Shiretoko.
Actual Results:
While Shiretoko try to launch (by bouncing it dock icon very briefly), it prompt the error "A copy of Firefox is already open. Only one copy of Firefox can be open at a time." .

Expected Results:
This behavior is different from that of Mac OS X. If I open a Terminal window, followed by issuing command "open http://www.google.com", I would see Firefox 3 get launched in a new window (or a new tab if that's the preference set). Shiretoko doesn't get launched. So this system behavior should be the expected result.

This error is also seen in Adobe AIR applications, like Twitter client Twhirl. Within this application, one can click on link inside it to have them opened into the default system browser. The following step can be used to reproduce the same error in Twhirl:
1. Go to http://www.twhirl.org, and click on the "Install Now" button on the right-hand-side "Get Twhirl" section to install the AIR application.
2. Finish the application installation. By default, the application will launch at the end of installation.
3. On the application startup screen, click on the search icon (at the bottom far-right corner), then type in some search term there, e.g. Adobe AIR.
4. When the search result populate, click on a HTML link there from any entries.
5. As Shiretoko try to launch, it prompt the error "A copy of Firefox is already open. Only one copy of Firefox can be open at a time".
