I cannot start FF 3.0.3 or 2.0.0.17 in Vista Ultimate even after shutdown.
User-Agent: Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 7.0; Windows NT 6.0; SLCC1; .NET CLR 2.0.50727; Media Center PC 5.0; .NET CLR 1.1.4322; .NET CLR 3.5.21022; .NET CLR 3.5.30729; .NET CLR 3.0.30618)
Build Identifier: http://www.mozilla.com/en-US/ Mozilla won't start I - I downloaded v 3.0.3 also tried v. 2.0.0.17

I am running Windows Vista Ultimate SP1 on a Lenovo ThinkPad T61p and I can not get Firefox to run at

all any more. Whenever I try to start Firefox I get the following error message:

"Firefox is already running, but is not responding. To open a new window, you must first close the existing Firefox process, or restart your system."

However, when I start task manager Firefox doe not appear in either the application or process tab even when I click on "all users" in the process tab. I don't believe that it is really running, since
when I shutdown my system, and restart it, I get the same error.

I have uninstalled FireFox and reinstalled it several times. I even reinstalled v. 2.0.0.17, but I still get that error message whenever I try to start Firefox.

The bottom line, is that I am unable to run Firefox on my machine at all.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.I click on the FireFox icon, on the desktop, in the Start Menu or in the task bar, it doesn't matter.
2. The little swirl appears for a moment then I get the error message "Firefox is already running, but is not responding. To open a new window, you must first close the existing Firefox process, or restart your system."
3. Even when I shutdown the system, and start it again,
Actual Results:
FireFox doesn't start, instead I get the error message:

"Firefox is already running, but is not responding. To open a new window, you must first close the existing Firefox process, or restart your system."

Expected Results:
Firefox should start ...

I have started TaskManager and it doe not show Firefox running, under the application tab and even under the process tab. Even when I shutdown the system and start it again, when I click on the FireFox icon I still get the same error message:

"Firefox is already running, but is not responding. To open a new window, you must first close the existing Firefox process, or restart your system."
