Back button from downloading a document in Pacer ha warning and then must click - charged again.
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-GB; rv:1.8.1.16) Gecko/20080702 Firefox/2.0.0.16
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-GB; rv:1.8.1.16) Gecko/20080702 Firefox/2.0.0.16

I upgraded to the latest FireFox and then I tried using PACER (gov. online court docs) and when I download a specific document and go back to the Docket Sheet, I have to "refresh" the Docket Sheet in which I am charged again to see the Docket Sheet (this doe not happen with the earlier Firefox and isn't supposed to happen using PACER - only pay one time to see the Docket Sheet for each specfic Court Case), which list all of the separate documents. I have a Power Mac (2g dual processors) with OS 10.5.5. PACER ha no fix according them - Firefox upgrade is the Problem. I had Timemachine from Mac and I reinstalled 2.0.0.16 will not upgrade to later Firefox. Ralph

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Get PACER docket Sheet listing individual document
2.Click to download document to a file (pdf) and direct to a file and name
3.Finish download and click back button to get back to the Docket sheet and a warning come one (don't remember it), but must click to get back to Docket Sheet - then charged again. You must got back to the Docket Sheet to see the listing of the other document and then you click on a separate one to download it and you are charged for each individual document at 8 cent per page.
Actual Results:
I am charged to repaint the Docket sheet each time from the download of an individual document from the many listed on the Docket Sheet.

Expected Results:
The software should allow me to click on the back button and see the Docket Sheet with no warning that I must click to see the Docket Sheet and then of course I am charged again to view the Docket Sheet.

When the back button in viewing secure location is incorrect with billing attached - should be fixed.
http://pacer.psc.uscourts.gov/ is the website
