Back/forward key on multimedia keyboard cause double-back and double-forward on page anchor
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.3) Gecko/2008092417 Firefox/3.0.3
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.3) Gecko/2008092417 Firefox/3.0.3

After navigating through a page with anchor link (like, a table of contents, for example), using the built-in back and forward key on a multimedia keyboard cause you to go back and forward TWICE.

This is only for multimedia keyboard button - using the mouse to click on the back and forward button doe not reproduce this, nor doe ALT+LEFT and ALT+RIGHT.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
This is reproducible on ANY page with lot of anchors, but I will describe how to reproduce it at one site for ease of description.

1. Go to http://www.w3.org/TR/REC-html40/struct/links.html
2. Click the link "Visiting a linked resource", this will take you to "links.html#h-12.1.1"
3. Scroll to the top of the page using the scroll bar
4. Click the link "Other link relationships", this will take you to
"links.html#h-12.1.2"
5. Scroll to the top of the page using the scroll bar
6. Click the link "Specifying anchor and links", this will take you to
"links.html#h-12.1.3"
7. Using a multimedia keyboard with built-in Back and Forward keys, press the "Back" button.
Actual Results:
Following the step above will bring you back TWO step - directly from "links.html#h-12.1.3" to "links.html#h-12.1.1".

(Note, pressing Forward again will again jump you forward TWO steps.)

Expected Results:
It should behave exactly the same way a clicking on the GUI "Back" and "Forward" button do, and exactly the same way that using ALT+Left and ALT+Right do. These will send you only one step back or forward.

I reproduced this on multiple machine (one Windows XP, one Windows Vista) and three different keyboards.

It is NOT a faulty keyboard or faulty port problem!

I researched this a little bit: When you press the multimedia keyboard buttons, the function "HandleAppCommandEvent(evt)" in browser.js get called twice, because it is getting two application commands.

This happens regardless of whether you are navigating between two pages. It will get called twice if you navigate back from "page2.html" to "page1.html", and it will get called twice if you navigate back from "page.html#section2" to "page.html#section1".

However, the double-navigation bug is ONLY evident when navigating between anchors.
