Cookie handling and Bookmarks import in FF 3.0.3
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.3) Gecko/2008092417 Firefox/3.0.3
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.3) Gecko/2008092417 Firefox/3.0.3

I upgraded from FF 2.0.17 to FF 3.0.3 recently. Every thing worked fine except for two problems. FF 3.0.3 didn't import the bookmark from FF 2.0.17 correctly and I had to do this manually to get them back. The second issue is more critical. I discovered today that I couldn't log into my online bank account with the new version of FF. The bank said it wasn't recognizing my log in information. I tried logging in using IE6 and Opera 9.6 with out any problem and I never had any problem with FF 2.0.xx. After playing around with it for a while tonight, I discovered that the name of the bank website wa placed in the blocked cookie status. This took a while a I had to search one by one through the cookie table to find it. I don't understand how the website address got placed in the blocked cookie status. Also I found that there is no option or facility to do a search for a particular website address in the cooky table or any of the table used in FF. This feature would make it easier to find a particular website listing in the very long list in FF. I have the problem fixed for the time being but I'm wondering why I didn't not receive any warning or notification about the cookie for that website being block and asking what I wanted to do. I did notice another bug report that mentioned cooky that got deleted being put into the blocked cookie status, but that report doesn't match what wa happening exactly in my case.

FF should be able to report if a cookie is being blocked.

FF should not be putting the website address into the blocked cookie status automatically.

A search facility to search the cooky and other table in FF would be very useful and helpful because of the long table lists.


Reproducible: Didn't try

Steps to Reproduce:
1. At this time I don't know how this happened with the cooky or the bookmark and would probably require messing around with a new installation again of FF to verify if this is reproducible or not.

2.
3.
Actual Results:
Got the wrong bookmark after updating from FF 2 to FF 3.

Found the website for my bank listed a a blocked cookie after the update and didn't receive any notification that this wa happening from FF 3. Took many hour of trial and error and repeated searching through the Tools/Options to find this problem with the cookies.


Expected Results:
The bookmark should have stayed the same and the cookie for my bank website should not have been blocked.
