FireFox 3.0 + Kaspersky 2009 cause high firefox memory usage
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1b2pre) Gecko/20081104 Minefield/3.1b2pre
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1b2pre) Gecko/20081104 Minefield/3.1b2pre

Firefox 3.0 is only releasing 25-50% of memory used by Tabs on close. The issue is aggravated by Image album leading me to believe that the Memory held by Images is not being released, Even worse is that BFCache itself may be broken.

This wa not an issue with Firefox 3.0 beta 3, but ha been since Firefox 3.0 final and up in the latest nightly

The result have been tested across a typically used and abused profile, and 3 fresh profiles, all of which have had the bfcache disabled by setting browser.sessionhistory.max_total_viewers to 0 to ensure that the memory isn't in use by the bfcache. exact result were replicated by disabling cache to memory via browser.cache.memory.enable to false.

People who open 1 or 2 tabs, with a few site are not going to validate this problem, however those who open and close tabs, in excess of having opened and closed atleast 100 tab in a single session will experience this.

The site i've been visiting have not changed at all, I've noticed up to 800MB's memory usage, with the pagefile at 1400MB's, while in comparison to Firefox 2 with the same usage memory usage wa 450/450.

Closing all Tabs doe not show any change in memory usage in Firefox 3, while closing all tab in Firefox 2 will have memory drop back to where it would be at a fresh start of firefox (45-125MB).

As flashblock is used, there no chance it is Flash or shockwave, and no Java applet have been loaded during the session. In the fresh profile, the java flash and shockwave plugins are disabled to prevent them effecting memory usage.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. New profile, start firefox
2. About:config, set browser.sessionhistory.max_total_viewers 0 and browser.cache.memory.enable false
3. Browse various image intensive site in multiple tab such a photobucket, or flikr.
4. Close the tab and note the memory usage ha only dropped by 25%.
5. Open the same sites(same page is best) and note that even though the memory hasn't been released since the tab closed, more memory is used to show the same site again.
Actual Results:
Memory is not freed a tab are closed, leading to large amount of memory used during the browsing session. Loading the same page into memory take even more memory even though the data should still load from memory.

Expected Results:
Memory used by a tab is completely released unless used by other tabs, and if data is already cached, firefox should not use more memory to load the same stuff.

Since memory usage is not changing regardless of the setting of BFCache, It might be caused by a failre in BFCache to work.

Similar high memory usage wa seen on firefox 2 until BFCache wa disabled, however toggling the BFCache setting ha not changed memory usage in Firefox 3, since Firefox 3.0 beta 3
