With 100+ tabs, process is more reliable at lower priority on single-core
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.4) Gecko/2008102920 Firefox/3.0.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.4) Gecko/2008102920 Firefox/3.0.4

At 'Normal' priority, Firefox is eating my computer's processor and destabilizing other programs. Recent speed enhancement in Firefox code may be too aggressive for the health of older systems.

Firefox 2 operates reliably, run about a fast and doe not cause this interference under identical set of tabs.

Temporary Fix: reducing process priority to 'Low' in Task Manager resolve symptom until next start. Have begun reducing priority immediately after launching Firefox.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Celeron M 1.6GHz, 2GB RAM, XP Home SP2, NOD32 2.x, COMODO (Defense+ Off)
VMWare Server in background, but no VMs loaded
2.Average of more than 100 Tabs across 2 windows. (text and static images)
3.Firefox running at it default priority (normal)
Actual Results:
Other browsers, wireless, download scanning, and eventually Firefox itself become interminably slow. Many program crash, especially Opera. Opera only crash on first load, and only if Firefox is already up.

Wireless Zero Service break and ha to be restarted, plus monitor stop displaying accurate information. Will display no available router while firewall show active link and downloads/page load continue.

Time required to scan downloaded file is multiplied by ten.

Other browser (IE 7, Opera 9.x, Safari 3) stall/crash during use, with Firefox minimized the entire time.

Opera reliably crash on first load with firefox running, after that it's fine.

'Open With' and 'Send To' menu can stall Explorer.exe and Iexplore.exe for up to five minute before manifesting, but open immediately if Firefox is closed or reduced in priority.

Expected Results:
By no mean wa any great responsiveness expected, but Firefox 2 did not display this behavior under identical circumstances. Never before did plain HTML with static element require 95% processor, even when more than 100 tab were idling.

This behavior ha caused Firefox to become the most destructive program on my computer. I have lost work, web pages, even been forced to cut power when Windows itself stopped responding.

Task manager display plenty of available operating memory and virtual memory.

Problem is strictly related to processor scheduling.

Reducing Firefox's priority class is my only working solution. Even Firefox itself crash le often and load page faster at a lower priority. This lead me to believe that it is interfering with the outside service that it depends on.

Easiest, quick fix would be for Firefox to default to 'Low' priority class when running on a single-core system. There is no appreciable loss in speed, and it stop breaking other part of the system.
