Several time Firefox crash downloading the browser contents. Most of the time in loading the skins.
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; pt-PT; rv:1.9.0.4) Gecko/2008102920 Firefox/3.0.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; pt-PT; rv:1.9.0.4) Gecko/2008102920 Firefox/3.0.4

I have latest version of Firefox in Portuguese (Pt). Several time the Firefox crash and I have to go to task manager to close the application. The error is Mozilla Firefox is not running. Some other time crash while loadind the skin of my default page ( with gmail account) and others just stop running.
I don't have any problem in my internet connection because I have a 8 Mbps connection and I can open the microsoft explorer every time.
I don´t know why Firefox is doing this but it's very annoying because I've all thing organized here and I really don´t like microsoft.
I tried to install a previous version of firefox but the problem remains.
Don´t know what else should I do.
Regards,
Nuno

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Just iniciate the browser and crash immediatly. The loading bar (showing how much is downloading) don't even start.
2.Most of the time it crash when is loading "something"./skins of my default page
3.Rarely stop after the browser fully downloaded, but sometimes start to get slow and after that just stop running.
Actual Results:
I can't reproduce the problem because I don´t know why it happens.
Sometimes the software run Ok and others just stop in similar conditions.
Does this with other software running (ex. P2P program ) and other don´t.
I can't find a possible reason to do this.
Right now is running Ok.


Expected Results:
I would expect Mozilla software with normal behaviour. Fast and reliable!

The theme I have is Noia 2.0 (eXtreme) 3.55.
I wandered why I had this theme update so many time in a short period of time (at least 3 or 4) in le than 2 months, but I a new Vista user also and I didn't pay attention to that. To be honest I have the exact same page I had on my late PC with XP O.S. Mozila Firefox with my gmail personalized page.
The difference is the O.S. , now I have the latest version of Firefox, and I have the same theme. Before it always ran ok but now doesn't.
