Overall slow rendering after resizing website on Linux
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; pl; rv:1.9.1b2) Gecko/20081201 Firefox/3.1b2
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; pl; rv:1.9.1b2) Gecko/20081201 Firefox/3.1b2

The full page zoom introduced a performance problem on Linux machine (problem doesn't exist on a Windows machine).

The problem is, that in overall, firefox get slow if the page size is not at the default using full page zoom.

For example, try going to the URL I've provided and try to move the widget on the right side. If you're at default zoom level, it superfast.

If you'll try to zoom though, it start to work slow. No matter, if you zoom in or out.

Some page start to scroll jerky (while at default zoom level scrolling is superfast on every website I've seen - I am talking about Firefox 3.0.4, not the beta I am using, because it work the same). Some page start to be le responsive on "hover" elements. The known fixed div problem is happening only on not-default zoom level.

Basically, Firefox work great only on default zoom level. After zooming - the performance of some element is dropped.

This doesn't happen if "Zoom text only" option is enabled. It seems to be related to scaling images. If the website doesn't contain any images, it scrolls/works/renders a fast a normal.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Go to url provided
2. Try to move the widget on the right
3. Zoom in or out using full page zoom and try to move the widget again
4. You can try also iGoogle (www.google.com/ig - you're not moving any images, only widget drawn with css, but the performance is still slow)
Actual Results:
Overall performance is dropped when full page zoom is enabled and the site is zoomed.

Expected Results:
Firefox should behave the same no matter what is the zoom level.

This is not a problem with my setup (because I worked on many Linux machine and all behave the same, no matter if this is intel/nvidia/nv/ati driver).

Even if I'll shrink the page to the smallest possible (so widget are taking only few pixel of space) - it's still slow.
