"Reached end" message cause scrollbar to disappear and requires the Findbar to be restarted
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.9.1b3pre) Gecko/20081209 Shiretoko/3.1b3pre
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.9.1b3pre) Gecko/20081209 Shiretoko/3.1b3pre

When you try to find text on a page, you would use the Findbar.
This consists of: Next/Previous/Highlight all/Case Sensitive a well a a sixth entry, which only appears if the search ha wrapped.
In this case, the text will start off with "Reached end of page ..." and be so long that the scrollbar on the right of the browser main window disappears because the Findbar due to the text size of it sixth entry "squeezes" the scrollbar into the non-visible area of the window.

As a preliminary workaround, it's possible to shorten the IMHO overly long text in global/findbar.dtd / global/findbar.preferences inside chrome/en_US.jar in the standard US English version. This is what I did now and it work ok for me, although I would not recommend fiddling with this for unexperienced users.

This change is important because not everyone in this huge world ha a display beyond the 19'' mark - some still surf on 17'' display and are happy with it.
Should we therefore force them to extend the browser window to 99% of the screen just because we can? ;)

I hope there is an easy way to _ignore_ the width of the Findbar regarding the scrollbar. Most sub-pages on these days' website are very long, and the scrollbar is a feature which must NEVER get invisible during browsing. You cannot expect user to draw the forefinger 100 time across the mouse wheel until they made it 500 line below the top headline :>

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
Shrink the browser window to a size le or equal than about 700x550.

Now search for a pointless word, e. g. "when" or "why" which is expected to be many time on this page, and press Next until you've arrived at the bottom of the current page.
Once the "Reached end of page..." message appears, an icon looking like a circular blue arrow on a white envelope appears next to "Case sensitive" in the Findbar, showing the text "Reached end..."
Actual Results:
The scrollbar vanishes!
This behavior WILL STAY unless you close the Findbar or start a new search, because once the "Search wrapped" message is there, it will stay there forever, showing it "circular blue arrow onto a white paper" icon next to "Case sensitive".

Expected Results:
The scrollbar should not be affected on the length of text in the Findbar.
Moreover, it should not be necessary having to start a new search or close the Findbar just to get rid of the hidden scrollbar behavior.
