Since upgrading to Firefox 3.0.4, radio station do not stream correctly
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.4) Gecko/2008102920 Firefox/3.0.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.4) Gecko/2008102920 Firefox/3.0.4

I often listen to AM radio on my computer. Everything worked perfectly until I updated to Firefox a few day ago. Now radio streaming doesn't work. Two thing happen: (1) Some station don't stream at all any more; (2) Some station stream some of the time but not others. In case (2) station will sometimes (but not always) stream when first accessed, but if I click the "mute" button, the sound will not come back when I click the mute button again ... to return to listening. Other time it will. Sometimes I can mute and unmute several times, and all of a sudden the sound won't come back. This never happened until the upgrade to V. 3.0.4.

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Click on a radio station. I have furnished one above where the problem happens.
2. Click the mute mutton near the bottom of the station's little streaming screen.
3. Wait a few minutes, then click the mute button again to un-mute. Sometimes the sound will return, and sometimes it won't. When it won't, repeated clicking of the mute button doe no good.

Related problem: Some AM station have two place to click when you want to listen online. On KSTE ... http://www.kste.com/pages/ag_index.html ... you can click the big "LISTEN LIVE" button near the top of the station's screen, or you can click the small "Listen Live" link near the bottom of the same screen. Each one open a different player. The BIG button open a large screen, but the streaming doesn't work. (It used to work just fine.) The small link open a different, smaller player, and it is the one that now work only some of the time, and will sometimes not come back after muting.
Actual Results:
Problem ha persisted a described ever since upgrading to FF 3.0.4.

Expected Results:
Streaming.

If you wish to call for additional information, dial (775) 747-4666
