Hot link within a page either don't work or only work the first time
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.18) Gecko/20081029 Firefox/2.0.0.18
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.18) Gecko/20081029 Firefox/2.0.0.18

On some web page when there is a phrase that operates a a hot link to somewhere else, no amount of clicking make it function. (Example: go to http://www.salon.com/. On the black box in the upper right "5 Things", no amount of clicking on any of the thing in the list will take me to the item listed.) This hasn't always been this way. It worked fine until a few week ago. If I go to the same page with MS IE, the hot link work fine. So, it's something with Firefox.

Note: the failure doe NOT happen for every hot link. However, if it happens on a particular hot link then it happens every time for that particular hot link. So, it is reproducable for some hot link but doe not happen for all hot links.

A variant on the problem is shown at: http://www.cobornsdelivers.com/nav_frames.asp

In the upper right, there is a "search" box. If I put in a word to search the site for it will work only the first time. After that, no amount of clicking "Search" will get Firefox to react. Again, if I try the same thing on MS IE, it work fine every time. This problem ha existed for a couple of months. Before that, it worked fine.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Click on hot link to take me to another page
2.If it's one of the link that Firefox doesn't like, then nothing happens. You can click innumerable time and nothing happens. However, the page is still "live." Clicking on another hot link or backing up and other function will still work.
3.On the "search" function that fails after the first use, it seems to be site specific. So, on the Colborns site I mentioned above, the second or subsequent attempt to search fails every time. However, "search" may function fine on another site. Colborns is not the only web page I get the failure on.
Actual Results:
Actually, nothing happens. It's like I never even clicked on the hot link or on "search."

Expected Results:
I expect to be taken to wherever the hot link is supposed to take me to. Or, if I'm using "search" I expect the result of the search to be displayed.

My main concern is that this malfunction seems to be happening more.

If anyone working on this problem want to contact me, call me at 612-376-0094 or email at: stevenc12@comcast.net.
