Importing a large bookmark JSON backup make Firefox crash (out of memory)
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; fr; rv:1.8.1.20) Gecko/20081217 Firefox/2.0.0.20
Build Identifier: Firefox 3.0.5 downloaded at http://www.mozilla-europe.org/fr/firefox/ on Decmber 24th of 2008

Hi.

I updated (almost mechanically) my Firefox to the last version few day ago (from 3.0.4 to 3.0.5). I met some "slow moments" (CPU used at 100% for several seconds...). Because I had several version of Firefox installed since my last installation of Windows XP, I decided to uninstall Firefox, clean all my Firefox folder and reinstall it in a clean place. I thought it may solve these issues.

Before to do this, I exported my bookmark a a JSON file. I also saved the backup it had made in my profile folder. I uninstalled Firefox, rebboted my computer and installed the last version of Firefox (3.0.5).

Then, I tried to reimport my backup bookmark in Firefox.
Some detail about this backup file. It's a JSON file and it's 3.3 Mb (I got a lot of bookmarks). So, the processing starts, almost freeze it all, until it crash (after about 10 minute of processing). After the crash, when I try to restart Firefox, it us the CPU at 100% and doesn't allow me to use it (the UI doe not appear).

I reinstalled it and gave another try.
I monitored what happened with the "task manager of Windows". When it load the backup file, it try to load it in memory and us all the memory (I have 2 Gb of RAM, it wa fully used, and it started to use the swap space). The reason why it crash is pretty obviousd, there is not enough memory. But come on, 2 Gb to process a file of 3Mb...

I guess the reason why I can restart my Firefox after this crash is that the embedded DB is corrupted. So, I don't know if this is a bug, or an enhancement, but currently, I can't restore my bookmark and this is really annoying.

And in term of performances, use so much memory to process a small file (even compressed), that's surprising.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Use a bookmark JSON backup file with a size of more than 3.3 Mb, with different address in it (no duplicate).
2. Try to restore your bookmark from this file with the version 3.0.5 of Firefox.
3. Monitor the memory space used for the operation.
Actual Results:
Full RAM memory used, swap space started to be used.
Firefox crash and can't be run again.

Expected Results:
Use a correct amount of memory, show a progress dialog while importing / processing the bookmarks, import correctly all of the bookmarks.

The Firefox I used to export my bookmark had the "no duplicate bookmark" (that might not be the exact name) plug-in installed. This extension is not installed on the newly installed Firefox.
