after customizing the navigation toolbar, it reverts back to it's default setting when firefox is closed 3 or 4 times.
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux x86_64; en-US; rv:1.9.0.5) Gecko/2008121623 Ubuntu/8.10 (intrepid) Firefox/3.0.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux x86_64; en-US; rv:1.9.0.5) Gecko/2008121623 Ubuntu/8.10 (intrepid) Firefox/3.0.5

I have been having this problem for a very long time and have been too involved with dealing with linux beta issue to report it. Every day I reset my navigation toolbar every 3rd, 4th, or 5th time I open and close FF. And half the time I go to customize it, and the add-on button are missing (ie. stumble upon, fast dial. etc. I have all the time in the world so I just have been living with this problem, (thinking it would clear up, a you guy are great at fixing bug before they even affect me). But not in this case.
I'm currently using Phoenity Modern Theme, But it happens with every theme I've tried. I just started using the x86-64 platform with the issuance of intrepid. I had the problem when I used the i386 platform. I've tried and tried to figure out if there is some sequence of events, or application that is running when this happens, but I can't see it. It just happens, A LOT!

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Open Firefox
2.Goto view>toolbars>cusstomize (hit enter)
3.Drag all of the icon from the "customize icons" screen and drop them onto the navigation toolbar.
4.Close the "custimize icons" screen.
5.Start browsing.
6.When browsing is complete, I close Firefox.
7.Re-open Firefox, and it's a crapshoot whether the icon will be customized or default, but they revert to default, usually by the 3rd or 4th re-opening.
8. goto 1.
Actual Results:
As stated, sometimes it's fine, and sometimes it reverts to default. I usually have to redo the customization at least 4 to 5 time a day, depending on my usage of firefox, and time spend online. etc.

Expected Results:
Kept the customization of the toolbar, like it is supposed to and like it always did before. (I would be so anal about it, it's just, I've used Firefox for many years, and I've always used Phoenity Modern theme with my customized setup, so I'm incredibly used to it. that's why I just don't live with default.

please contact my email address if you need ANY additional information I might have.(that e-mail matrix is a bit daunting when you sign up, but it's fine to email me about the bug report or for more info.

I did check all of the bug that matched my inquiry and found none that matched, if there is one, I'm very sorry.
