Unable to open e-mail with hotmail after installing 2.0.020
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.20) Gecko/20081217 Firefox/2.0.0.20
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.20) Gecko/20081217 Firefox/2.0.0.20

Hi,

I wa forced to install the latest update of firefox ( i wish there wa a way to turn off automatic updates, a I am very angry that I have to spend time here to report a bug you should have cought before you MADE me install the update.

In hotmail I ma able to see the list of e-mail I am getting, but when I click on them it say loading at the bottom and then doe nothing.

I have to use IE to access my hotmail e-mail now which relaly defeat the purpose of even using firefox.

I've always talkes great thing about firefox, when ever I go to a friend or family member house I always install firefox. I am very disappointing that I have no option to not install the latest update, and after doing so I am unable to open the most important part of my internet browsing, hotmail.

Is there way I can revert back to the previous version of firefox so I can actually access hotmail e-mails, of will I be forced to use Internet Explorer once again after so many years?



Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. www.hotmail.com
2. Logg in with username and password
3. Click on mail
4. Click on any e-mail to read and it say loading but doe nothing, firefox is unable to actually open the pave o view the e-mail.
5. If i hit refresh it show that the e-mail I clicked on that didn't load ha been viewed.
6. Everythign wa fine 5min ago before I wa forced to update to the latest build.
Actual Results:
4. Click on any e-mail to read and it say loading but doe nothing, firefox is unable to actually open the pave o view the e-mail.
5. If i hit refresh it show that the e-mail I clicked on that didn't load ha been viewed.
6. Everythign wa fine 5min ago before I wa forced to update to the latest build.

Expected Results:
I should have been able to open the e-mail i clicked on and read it!
