Firefox crash and back and forward button do not work when using the new Hotmail with a PPC Macintosh OS 10.5.6
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X 10.5; en-US; rv:1.9.0.5) Gecko/2008120121 Firefox/3.0.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X 10.5; en-US; rv:1.9.0.5) Gecko/2008120121 Firefox/3.0.5

Note: Windows user of Firefox will be unable to properly investigate this bug because they are sent to the classic version of Hotmail, not the new version. Also, in my experience, bug often do not cross operating systems. Finally, I have tried using Hotmail with Windows and have not experienced any problems.

The new version of Hotmail doe not work with Mac Firefox 3. I have all of the latest update for both Firefox and Mac OS 10.5.6. The back button almost never work (and have never worked when trying to use the back button after viewing an email) and the browser frequently crash when using Hotmail, including time when the Hotmail tab is inactive. It even crash when the Hotmail tab is not the current tab and there are no operation going on (nothing is loading or working in any way, a link ha not been clicked, the computer ha not been touched in five minutes). From the official Firefox website, I found that Windows user of Firefox 3 were having trouble with the new version of Hotmail. It said that they were being routed to the classic version of the website. However, Mac user of Firefox got the new version of Hotmail, despite all of the problems. Microsoft/Hotmail wa made aware of the problem by me several week ago, others may have reported the problem earlier, but ha apparently done nothing to address them.

In addition, after the problem continued for weeks, I asked Hotmail if they intended to abandon the Macintosh Firefox market or perhaps the entire Macintosh market. It would be a legitimate business decision to do so, a Macs make up a small portion of Hotmail user and Mac Firefox user are a much smaller group than that, and I said so in my email. However, they did not answer the question in their reply, despite specifically saying that they had read my email and not sent an auto-reply, like they had before. There is no proof that they are going to abandon any part of the Macintosh/Firefox market, but I still find it disturbing that they did not deny it.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Login to the new version of Hotmail using Firefox 3.0.5 for Macintosh
2. Click on an email
3. Try to use the back button

I have never had the back button work when trying to use it after viewing an email, but I have had it occasionally work when doing internal navigation. However, if the above doe not work, try viewing a message in the junk mail folder and then clicking on the back button to get back to the junk mail folder. If you still cannot get the back button to fail, try viewing a couple more message and clicking on the back button each time. If you are a Macintosh OS 10.5.6, Firefox 3.0.2 user and cannot get the back button to fail, please say so and in your comments, please note any difference in our systems, such a using an Intel chip rather than a PowerPC G5. Thank you

Crashes are harder to produce, a they happen randomly with Hotmail. You can try keeping a Hotmail tab open and then using new tab to use the web for several hours, but there is still a good chance you will not see a crash. I would say that I get a Hotmail crash only about once or twice a week, now that I keep visit to Hotmail a short a possible.
Actual Results:
Back button doe not work.

Expected Results:
Expect to go back to the previous page.

I do not know if the problem is with Mac Firefox 3 or the new version of Hotmail, but I suspect it is a Hotmail problem, a I have not experienced it on any other one of hundred of site I have visited with Firefox 3. However, since Hotmail/Microsoft is apparently unwilling to fix the problem or even route user to the classic version of Hotmail, I am hoping that Firefox developer might be willing to find a way to get Mac Firefox 3 and the new version of Hotmail to work together somehow.

The following extension have been on when the problem have been happening:
Adblock Plus 1.0, British English Dictionary 1.19, Customize Google 0.76,
Download Statusbar 0.9.6.3, Save Session 1.3.1.5, Tab Mix Plus 0.3.7.3.

I would restart Firefox with the extension off, in order to eliminate them a a cause, but I am in the middle of working on something very important on a website. Unfortunately, I cannot save it in progress, even in a word processor (it is not text-based), and I do not want to have to repeat the process.
