Regression: New "New Tab"-buttons lost all of their drop-zone feature that were introduced in Firefox 1.5
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.1b3pre) Gecko/20090123 Shiretoko/3.1b3pre
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.1b3pre) Gecko/20090123 Shiretoko/3.1b3pre

The "New Tab" button used to be a drag and drop zone just like the "New Window" button still is. The code for this ha been removed when the new "New Tab" button on the tab-bar wa introduced and hasn't been re-added since.

It used to be possible to drag just about everything on the button and it would open in a new tab: bookmarks, text-urls, urls, pictures, currently open tab (which would then be duplicated in a new tab) or even simple text (which would result in an "I'm feeling lucky" search).
This excellent feature ha been introduced in Firefox 1.5 and wa fully functional until the recent "New Tab"-button redesign.
It is still possible with the "New Window" button but impossible with both the "New Tab"-button on the tab-bar and the recently re-added custom "New Tab" button. It should be fully functional for ALL THREE buttons.

In order to actually be fully functional with the new "New Tab" button on the tab-bar not only ha the old code to be re-added to the button, it also ha to be slightly redesigned since it is much too small to be usable a a drop zone in case of overflow. And consistent size without shrinking it in case of overflow would solve this problem.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Drop anything (bookmark, url, text, open tab) onto either of the two "New Tab" Buttons
2. Drop anything (bookmark, url, text, open tab) onto the "New Window" button
Actual Results:
1. A "forbidden" icon appears when trying to drop anything on the "New Tab" button in the "Navigation Toolbar".
The current tab is moved next to the "New Tab" button on the tab-bar instead of being duplicated (it's just like the button isn't there but a if something is simply dropped onto the tab-bar itself).
2. Everything is functioning they way it should with all three button

Expected Results:
Firefox should attempt to open anything dropped on either of these button in a new tab. A currently opened tab dropped onto either of the button should be duplicated in a new tab.
