Flash object and their callback are not being instantiated in time
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10_5_6; en-us) AppleWebKit/528.16 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/4.0 Safari/528.16
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.6) Gecko/2009011913 Firefox/3.0.6 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

This bug only occurs in the window XP build of firefox 3. The OS X and Ubuntu version I tried did not have this problem.

The flash movie is hidden in a 1px by 1px div a to allow the flash to load properly in time for the user interaction. However when the 1px by 1px div is expanded revealing the modal and flash movie the bound callback doe not exist.

To get a callback on the object we are getting the element by ID but also checking for the first object within that movie in the case of IE and those who don't support object properly.

I've experienced this problem with both Flash 9 and Flash 10.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Click vote on any of the contestents
2. When the second page load click on the blue <> icon above the contest photo
3. If you have firebug you'll see the error: flashElement.loadClearSpring%20is%20not%20a%20function
4. Depending on connection it could take a few moment to load the clearspring menu.
5. Now close the modal by clicking anywhere or the x in the top right corner
6. Now click the blue < > icon again
7. The movie and modal will now load properly because the callback is defined.

Actual Results:
Flash movie callback is not bound

Expected Results:
Flash movie callback is bound

This bug work fine in other version of the browser on other operating systems. I don't know if this is a flash plugin problem or a firefox issue binding the callbacks. I will watch this bug closely for more insight on the issue.

I wa able to work around this problem infrequently by using
while (!flashElement.callback) { }
flashElement.callback();

This would throw a script taking too long error and on occasion would allow the movie to run properly. However, this is not a realistic workaround and is ugly to the user.

I am unclear a to why this issue doe not exist on OS X and Linux but doe exist on window XP and window Vista.
