FF hang when dragging/moving complex bookmark folder
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.9.1b2) Gecko/20081201 Firefox/3.1b2
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.9.1b2) Gecko/20081201 Firefox/3.1b2

In OrganizeBookmarks, when dragging moderate sized (5-10 entries) folder 4 or 5 at a time into another folder (from the right frame to the tree in the left frame), after 2 or 3 drag (and apparently completing the move correctly) the next drag/drop hang FF.

Although the cursor will move, it remains the "drag cursor", not the system cursor, at all location on the screen, even over the desktop. Keyboard and mouse will not perform any function - ie. can't switch to other running apps, cannot close windows. Under my Linux distro ctl-alt-Fn will switch to another terminal where "killing" FF free up the system.

I have about 20 folder in the "Toolbar Menu" and about 50 "Unsorted bookmarks" under the main menu. 6-10 folder have subfolders and of those 5-8 have lower level subfolders. Most folder contain between 3 and 20 bookmark while some have up to 50.

Because this problem close out the whole system it may cause non-technical user to do a hard reboot and possibly lose data from other open apps. This type of activity is typical of housekeeping after one accrues new bookmark over time.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Install/create a moderate sized bookmark file.
2.Open "OrganizeBookmarks" window; select 3 to 5 folder on the right (ctl-leftclick) and drag the selection into a folder on the tree at left.
3.Repeat this several times, starting the next action immediately when the previous complete.
Actual Results:
The "drag shadow" of the selected folders/files freezes; the cursor remains the "drag cursor" although it will move about the screen; you cannot close FF nor switch to other apps using either the keyboard or the mouse.

Expected Results:
Normal drag/drop. If FF bind up, it should not lock you out of the system and the other apps.

Running the beta from a user directory;default themes. Adblock+ is enabled; in the past year using FF 3.05 with minimal bkmark editing I have experienced no problem with Adblock+. I _did_ experience problem with FF 3.05 bkmarks editing a soon a I started housekeeping the bookmark file. The beta handle bookmark sorting much faster and actually save the change made to the file (as opposed to FF 3.05 losing all changes); some drag/drop move did work in the beta.
