Using FULLSCREEN with autohide of TASKBAR cause malfunction of STATUSBAR
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-GB; rv:1.9.0.7) Gecko/2009021910 Firefox/3.0.7 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-GB; rv:1.9.0.7) Gecko/2009021910 Firefox/3.0.7 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

Hi,

I have recently moved to a netbook, and require every vertical pixel possible for browsing. I thus have set my taskbar (start menu bar) to auto hide.

I then tried to use Firefox in fullscreen mode by hitting F11 (with autohiding fuctions of addressbar, taskbar, tab etc turned ON). It cause a glitch where the status bar of Firefox is frozen, a though the region where the taskbar ha minimised is not refreshed. Essentially this mean that the status bar (or at least a frozen version of it) doe not get hidden, eating up screenspace.

One option to prevent the frozen status bar is- to turn the autohide of the taskbar off from within the OS menu, but this is undesireable as:
1. the fullscreen mode of FF then prevents the taskbar popping up on mouseover
2. I want my taskbar autohiding for all my programs, not just FF.


Before I got a netbook, I didn't really see what the GoogleChrome developer where trying to achieve by "making the browser interface fall into the background" and dedicating more screen to the actual webpage, but seriously, wow, when you have only 7" of vertical screen, you bloodywell notice that tab-bar and Filebar and statusbar in FF.
Given that netbooks are becoming more common, and people are starting to desire maximum screenspace with minimum visible browser controls, I feel FF developer would be well advised to try to resolve this kind of glitch to prevent user migrating to other browser that consume le screen real estate.

I LOVE FIREFOX AND DONT WANT TO HAVE TO MOVE TO CHROME OR OPERA!!!!!

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Select Windows task bar mode to "autohide"
2. Open Firefox and hit F11 for fullscreen mode
3. Mouseover taskbar until popup
4. Behold frozen statusbar eating up your screenspace BLARGGGGG!!!!
Actual Results:
Statusbar frozen from when you hit F11

Expected Results:
Taskbar to popup, and autohide. Status bar to remain hidden.
