Mozilla Firefox crashed if i open a new web-site-link
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; de; rv:1.9.0.7) Gecko/2009021910 Firefox/3.0.7
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; de; rv:1.9.0.7) Gecko/2009021910 Firefox/3.0.7

Dear Mozilla-Team,

I've currently the problem that Mozilla Firefox constantly crash produced when you open several Web pages. If you try, the error on the screen faded to send good-bye to the browser completely and provides it service.

So when I try to open a website, he start at first order, an incorrect Web site to open. You must then return the button used to link to the original choice to come, because the desired site until the second attempt the activation of the link will be displayed.

It is then no matter which site you chooses the first attempt is usually always a link to "Ebay", then until the second attempt to get the actually selected site, in my case the "www.yahoo.de/mail- Website ".

The "yahoo.de / mail website" then immediately begin the next problem. If you go to the login button is clicked, the browser hang with the following error message: (*1)Citation start: "Microsoft Visuall C++ Runtime Library Runtime Error!
Program: C:\Program Files\Mozilla Firefox\Firefox.exe

This application ha requested the Runtime to terminate it in an unusal way. Please contact the application support team for more information. Citation ended.

Whenever we tried but the bug crashing the browser and sustainably denied then for one to two minutes, again to be able to be started.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Selection of link to "www.yahoo.de / mail" + Enter
2. Structure of the page of "www.ebay.de"
3. Button to select the link to return, and then this link is clicked a second time ...
4. the correct website is opened, then the menu "Login" is activated ... (*1) a described in the section describing detail ...
5. follows the browser crash with the error message Runtime Library Error
6. if you click on ok, the browser first freeze, then crash the browser completely and then be completely re-start ...
7. and you must use the Taskmanager, however, the "old" task "firefox" - including his "child processes" - stop, because otherwise the browser refuse to open to ... but to be frank ...
8. only then can the browser is running properly and then start again properly ...
Actual Results:
this happens, however, with website links, which in the Asian country (India) should be called, the error is then equal ... the sequence a described in "Steps to reproduce" section ...


my operating system is Microsoft Vista Ultimate Edition, the browser is "Mozilla Firefox 3", the e-mail mailbox is "Yahoo.de", that most browser crash produced ..
Windows Vista(tm) Ultimate
AMD Athlon(tm) 64 Prozessor 3000+ 2.00 GHz
RAM: 1024 MB
Systemtyp: 32-Bit-BS
Grafikkarte: Radeon 9550 mit 128 MB
Mozilla Firefox Version 3.0.7
