Downloads window show each file is "Starting..." though all have finished downloading
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.0.8) Gecko/2009032609 Firefox/3.0.8 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.0.8) Gecko/2009032609 Firefox/3.0.8 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

Each time I download a file (typically, a file attached to a mail message that I received in new Yahoo! Mail), Firefox list that file in the popup "Downloads" window. It show the download status a "Starting..." and never change the entry, even after the file ha been successfully downloaded to my PC.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
I'm not sure how to reproduce the problem elsewhere, though it now happens every time I download a file attached to a mail message that I receive in the (new) Yahoo! Mail client.

I experience the problem this way:
1. Log into Yahoo! Mail (using their new Mail user interface)
2. In my Inbox, double-click a message that ha one or more attachment
3. Click the link to the attachment (an individual attachment, or "Download all")
4. In the "Download Attachment" (Norton AntiVirus) message box, click "Download Attachment"
5. In the "Opening <name-of-attachment>" dialog box, click "OK" (Note: It doesn't matter if I select "Open with..." or "Save File."
Actual Results:
1. The file downloads successfully, either opening in the specified application or being saved on a local disk.
2. The Firefox "Downloads" window display a new entry for this file. The entry contains the appropriate icon, the file name, an empty progress bar beneath which is the word "Starting...", and an (X) widget to delete that entry (which, BTW, doe nothing--I cannot remove the entry).
3. The "Clear List" button and "Search..." text field in the Downloads window are disabled.
4. Right-clicking any entry in the Downloads window display a context menu with only these entry enabled:
Cancel
Copy Download Link
Select All
All other entry are disabled. "Cancel" ha no effect -- the entry remains a described in #2, above.

Expected Results:
1. The progress bar should be filled from left to right a the download proceeds, and the number of byte downloaded should display.
2. After the download completes, right-clicking the entry should display a context menu that contains, among other things, "Open" and "Open Containing Folder."
3. Clicking the (X) widget should delete the entry from the Downloads window.
4. Clicking the "Clear List" button should remove all entry from the Downloads window.
