JavaScript print/element-hide to Adobe Acrobat PDF printer may lead to incorrect print output
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.8) Gecko/2009032609 Firefox/3.0.8 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.8) Gecko/2009032609 Firefox/3.0.8 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

We've put together an application that provides a print preview of a printable HTML document a an aboslutely positioned layer over top the regular page content. If the user want to continue with the print, they click a Print button on the page, which us window.print() to tell Firefox to print the document and then we hide the element after a short delay after the print box closes. Normally, this work well.

However, when demoing this with Adobe Acrobat's PDF Printer, we've discovered that Firefox usually sends the incorrect print information to the print driver. The "usually" part depends on how quick you are at clicking "Save" when choosing what to name and where to save the generated PDF file.

When you click the Print button for the PDF Printer, a Save As... dialog come up and the Print dialog closes. At this point, the setTimeout() continues to close the print document. If you manage to click Save before the timeout run out, the print is correct. If you take longer than the few second of timeout, the print will come out in correct.

I will attach a 40-line HTML file demonstrating the issue. I've cut it down so that it demonstrates the problem. This ha been tested using Adobe Acrobat 8 Professional.

I should also note, that this print correctly when using Internet Explorer 7 to Adobe Acrobat, Firefox on Mac OS X to Mac's built-in PDF writer, and to every print driver I have at my disposal. The behavior is consistent across at least 3 workstation a well.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open the attached HTML file in your browser.
2. Click on the "Print Document" button on the page.
3. Select "Adobe PDF" a your driver and click "Print"
4. Quickly click "Save" before the window closes. This print job should correctly read "This Should Print".
5. Go through step 1 - 3 again.
6. Now, wait until the screen change in the background and click "Save". This print job should incorrectly read "This Should Not Print"
Actual Results:
When using the "Acrobat PDF" driver, the print job will look like the screen doe at the point you click "Save" (or even blank in some cases).

Expected Results:
The print job should look a the screen look at the moment you click Print, regardless of how long it take to click "Save" on the "Acrobat PDF" driver.
