Firefox freeze with two window + multiple tab open, eventually lock up entire Gnome session
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.9.0.7) Gecko/2009030610 CentOS/3.0.7-1.el4.centos Firefox/3.0.7
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.9.0.7) Gecko/2009030610 CentOS/3.0.7-1.el4.centos Firefox/3.0.7

First incident, March 29 (copy/paste of note I made at the time):

This morning I opened a new FF3 window to browse CNN. I opened tab
on five or six story from the front page and then went to read
through them, closing each tab a I finished each story. (There were
six other tab open in the first FF window, so no more than 12-14 tab
in two window total.) After closing the second such tab FF began
responding very slowly, even to simply scrolling the window, and
eventually stopped responding entirely (wouldn't even redraw when I
dragged window around). I popped up an xterm and ran "strace" on FF
to see if I could find the problem, and lo and behold a long a
strace wa running FF recovered and responded fine, but when I stopped
tracing it froze again. Unfortunately I lost the trace output because
of what happened next, but I do recall that it wa calling first
stat64("/etc/localtime") and then several call to gettimeofday(), repeatedly and very frequently.

I left strace running and went back to FF, hoping to see the tail of
the trace at the moment FF locked up again. However, the next time FF
appeared to be frozen I found that not just FF but the entire Gnome
session wa stuck. I wa able to move the mouse and to Alt-F2 into a
text console window, but nothing else responded. I went back and
forth a few time between the text console and the X console
attempting to diagnose (including killing the strace and sending a
CONT signal to FF, because "ps" said FF wa in stopped ("T") state),
but after a few pass at that even Alt-F2 stopped working.

Fortunately I have another computer here, so I ssh'd in and ran
"killall -1 firefox-bin". This woke thing up to the point that one
of the pending Alt-F2 keystroke wa seen and the text console came
up, but although I could then switch console again, nothing else in
the X session wa responding. I finally HUP'd gnome-session (which
stopped everything else; I checked "ps" to make sure nothing that had
been associated with that session wa still running) and I have now
logged in again and everything seems fine. FF restarted and restored
the session from the time I killed it, and an strace of it now doesn't
show any access to /etc/localtime at all.

I find this all especially strange because the whole system had been
restarted le than 12 hour before.

Second incident (April 5th):

Again I opened a new window and several CNN tabs. No problem this time until I opened a couple of tab on facebook a well; then closing the first of the two facebook tab caused firefox to lock up. Same strace symptom (unfortunately I again failed to capture the output anywhere before I ended up needing to kill the entire Gnome session).

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Start firefox, open at least seven tab in the first window
2. Open a second window, visit CNN.com
3. Create at least three tab by right-click on story headline and selecting "open in new tab"
4. Select the rightmost tab, scroll through the story, then close the tab.
Actual Results:
FF began responding very slowly, even to simply scrolling the window, and eventually stopped responding entirely (wouldn't even redraw when I dragged window around).

Expected Results:
I expected FF to keep responding normally. :-)

Add-ons currently enabled:
Abduction 2.026
Adblock Plus 1.0.1
ColorZilla 1.9
Dafizilla ViewSourceWith 0.4.1
DownThemAll! 1.1.2
Elasticfox 1.6.000097
HttpFox 0.8.3 (was not installed for first incident 3/29)
MR Tech About:About 2.4.2
NoScript 1.9.1.6
PDF Download 2.1.0.2
WebDeveloper 1.1.6
