Unexpected zoom behavior for site using frame from multiple host
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.0.8) Gecko/2009032609 Firefox/3.0.8 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.0.8) Gecko/2009032609 Firefox/3.0.8 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

On certain sites, the global page zoom level just won't stick. I can zoom in on one page, but the zoom level will be back to normal / 100% when I view the next page. (More clue later!)

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Go to http://www.stangastaden.se/sokerbostad/sokledigt/Pages/sokbostad.aspx
2. Zoom in a few level so that you know you've definitely changed the zoom
3. Reload the page. The zoom level is now back to normal.
4. Go to another tab and back. You're back to being zoomed in.
5. Reload the page. The zoom level is now back to normal.
6. Go to another tab and back. You're back to being zoomed in.
7. Click a "visa" button to show a free apartment. The zoom level is back to normal.
8. Go to another tab and back. You're back to being zoomed in.
9. ...

Actual Results:
As shown above

Expected Results:
The zoom level should not have changed back and forth...

It turn out that the page is composed of multiple frames, originating from two distinct sites: www.stangastaden.se and marknad.stangastaden.se. This seems to be what is confusing Firefox.

As far a I can tell (but I could be wrong), zooming only set the zoom size for www.stangastaden.se. When I reload the page, Firefox first load a frame from www.stangastaden.se (zoom level 200%, for example) and then load a frame from marknad.stangastaden.se (which reset the page's zoom level to the standard 100%). When I go to another tab, and back, perhaps Firefox once again set the zoom level to that of the main page, which is from www.stangastaden.se, which is zoomed in.

If I only view the frame from marknad.stangastaden.se (This Frame / Show only this frame), I can set the zoom level once and then move back and forth among page from that site without the zoom level automatically changing back and forth.

If I then go back to viewing the full site at www.stangastaden.se, the zoom level will change between the configuration for www.stangastaden.se and whatever I last used when I viewed marknad.stangastaden.se.
