Several strange focus problem with 3.0.9
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.9) Gecko/2009040821 (CK-IBM) Firefox/3.0.9
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.9) Gecko/2009040821 (CK-IBM) Firefox/3.0.9

Since installing 3.0.9, I've run into at least 3 different focus issues. In all these scenario I have several Firefox window open, each with several tabs.

1) Opening a link from an external application cause the link to be opened in the first(?) window, rather than the Firefox window with the last focus. e.g. I open 3 Firefox window in order: A, B & C. B ha focus. I switch to another application and click on a link. It launch the link in Firefox, but instead of opening it in a tab in window B, it open it in window A.

2) Clicking on a Firefox window in the task bar cause it to restore behind the currently focused Firefox window. e.g. I have 3 Firefox window open: A, B & C. A & C are minimized and B ha focus. I click on window A in the task bar and it restores, but it appears behind window B.

3) Unlocking the screensaver result in all Firefox window restoring(?) and flashing to the front. The actual Firefox window that last had focus appears at the back of the Z order. This is a strange one. e.g. I have 4 Firefox window open: A, B, C & D. Some may be minimized, but C ha focus. I then lock the screen and later come back and unlock it. When I unlock it, all 4 Firefox window flash to the front and window C is behind them all.

Unfortunately, I've not been able to figure out how to reproduce them, but they have all happened more than once. I will continue to observe and if I come up with something reproducible, I'll comment.

I've never seen this behavior in any prior release of Firefox.

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
None so far. Just observe the behavior outlined in the 3 scenario above.
Actual Results:
Wrong window having focus or focus window appearing behind other Firefox windows.

Expected Results:
Proper focus behavior (e.g. the way it worked in 3.0.8 or earlier).

None at the moment.
