Tags list of "Edit this Bookmark" popup dialogue is not sorted correctly (wrong sorting: upper-case a to z, lower-case a to z, umlaute) [sort order, not ordered alphabetically]
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2a1pre) Gecko/20090424 Minefield/3.6a1pre
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2a1pre) Gecko/20090424 Minefield/3.6a1pre

The list of all tag (with checkboxes) that you get by toggling the "Show all tags" button inside the "Edit this bookmark" popup dialogue is not sorted correctly. Current sort order is upper-case a to z, lower-case a to z, then word that begin with upper-case umlauts, finally lower-case umlauts. This is likely to confuse user who are looking for a specific tag in the list, a that sort order doesn't make any sense at all in term of usability. The dialogue should use at least use the same default sort order a in bookmark Library > Tags: just sort all tag alphabetically (while ignoring case and umlauts). Ideally, umlaut should be sorted in a ae, oe, ue, but that might be a localization issue to be dealt with seperately.


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Have load of tag with different sort of initial letters: upper-case, lower-case and German umlaut (ä, ö, ü = ae, oe, ue)
2. Open "Edit this bookmark" popup dialogue by clicking on yellow star
3. Click "Show all tags" button to toggle open the list of all tag (with checkboxes) in the dialogue



Actual Results:
Tags in the list are sorted in a rather unexpected three-fold way that make it unnecessary difficult to find the right tag (e.g., a tag named "OEM Software" might end up mile away from another tag named "oem").

-- undesired sort order: --
upper-case a to z
lower-case a to z
upper-case umlaut a to z
lower-case umlaut a to z


Expected Results:
At least use the same default sort order a in bookmark Library > Tags:
-- desired sort order: --
just sort all tag alphabetically (while ignoring case and umlauts).

Ideally, umlaut should be sorted in a ae, oe, ue, but that might be a localization issue to be dealt with seperately.


The effect of this can be quite annoying a (lower/upper-)case of a given tag is changed (edited) on the fly a you type. Say these are your tag in the wrong order a described in this bug:

OEM <--
Opel
oem software
offer
often
Österreich
österreichisch

Next time you do tag-as-you-type and accidentally type "oem" instead of "OEM", FF will edit the tag's name on the fly, OEM becomes oem (for all affected bookmarks) and thus move to a completely different place in the (wrong) sort order:

Opel
oem <--
oem software
offer
often
Österreich
österreichisch
