Tags autocomplete doe not show all result because it is case-sensitive (lower-case, upper-case, missing results, skips, wrongly, capitalization)
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2a1pre) Gecko/20090425 Minefield/3.6a1pre
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2a1pre) Gecko/20090425 Minefield/3.6a1pre

In the current Minefield nightly, the new tag autocomplete feature doesn't work a expected because it act case-sensitive, which seems wrong under the circumstances. Sample scenario:



Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. User ha tag with the following names:
tag1
tag2
Tag3
Tag4

2. In the "Edit this bookmark" dialogue of a bookmark without tags, user want to apply "tag1", but he doesn't remember the correct capitalization when he start typing (mind capitalization):
"Tag"

3.
Actual Results:
For search term "Tag", Firefox will offer the following autocomplete entries:
Tag3
Tag4
For search term "Tag1", Firefox will offer no autocomplete entries, thus falsely suggesting that there is no existing tag by the name "Tag1": What actually happens is that a soon a user confirms "Tag1" (mind capitalization), the existing tag "tag1" will be renamed into "Tag1" and then applied to the bookmark. In other words, user successfully applied an existing tag even though autocomplete claimed there wa none.
Even if "renaming on the fly" should get removed (as I feel it should), the problem remains: Since Firefox is case-insensitive when it come to tag (you can't have two tag with same name but different capitalization, and rightly so!), entering "Tag1" would then simply apply the existing "tag1", only without changing the capitalization of "tag1". The problem remains that autocomplete for "Tag1" currently wouldn't show the existing "tag1".


Expected Results:
When user type "Tag1" [sic], tag autocomplete should show the existing "tag1" [sic] (which will eventually get applied) in the list of autocomplete entries.
In other words, Tag autocomplete should be case-insensitive to show all relevant results, because for good reasons, Firefox handle tag (mostly) case-insensitive a explained above.

In the above example, typing either "Tag" or "tag" should always show all of the four tag a autocomplete entry (tag1, tag2, Tag3, Tag4).
