Quitting the browser while in a private session hang if a tab in the non-private session contains a security exception
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.5; en-US; rv:1.9.1b4) Gecko/20090423 Firefox/3.5b4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.5; en-US; rv:1.9.1b4) Gecko/20090423 Firefox/3.5b4

If a user navigates to a web page in which the ssl certificate is invalid due to a domain mismatch, during a normal browsing session (non-private), and doe not click get me out of here or confirm a security exception, and then switch to a private browsing session. Upon quitting the browser completely (command q), the browser will fail to close properly and the cursor will remain in a spinning state. At this point a force quit is required.

The browser hang with a notification window for 'Secure Connection Failed'. The message is for Error code: ssl_error_bad_cert_domain due to a mismatched SSL certificate. However, the View Certificate and Cancel button are not clickable.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Launch Firefox 3.5b4 (also happened with ff3.5b3)
2. Start non-private browsing session
3. Create several tab some to non-SSL enabled site
4. Create at least one tab to a site with an invalid SSL certificate (the domain of the certificate should not match the URL)
5. At this point you should have a 'This Connection is Untrusted' page. (do not confirm exception or 'get me out of here'
6. switch to a private session.
7. navigate to a web page (does not fail unless you have gone to at least one page)
8. Quit the browser using (command q)
Actual Results:
The browser hang with a notification window for 'Secure Connection Failed'. The message is for Error code: ssl_error_bad_cert_domain due to a mismatched SSL certificate. However, the View Certificate and Cancel button are not clickable.

force quit is required

Expected Results:
browser should exit cleanly

This seems to be a problem due to the fact that when exiting from a private session, the browser first reverts to the non-private session with all it tabs.
