Opening and using lot of Deviantart.com's functionality (20+ tabs) and closing later; firefox is still sluggish
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.9.0.10) Gecko/2009042316 Firefox/3.0.10
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.9.0.10) Gecko/2009042316 Firefox/3.0.10

www.deviantart.com has, on every page, lot of in-depth javascript (I think) functionality to handle taking link without refreshing the page, displaying lot of image and allowing them to be clicked and dragged, creating a drop down list at the top of the page to display your favourite and collection and add to it, etc in addition to ads.
Looking at multiple gallery and search at once, browsing through the pages, opening many (sometimes 20+) tab to image and using the collect functionality on them (involves dragging a thumbnail that pop up onto the toolbar on the top of the screen) a well a other things, I find that once I have finished and closed up all the tab still firefox act in a sluggish manner. These are some of the thing it begin to do late into a session and persists:
1. Pages load slower than usual, slowing down the rate at which new element appear.
2. Firefox take longer to respond to signal to change tab and move the page.
3. Right clicking to open up the context menu sometimes doe not light up the part I am hovering the mouse over for some time; if I click it while it is not highlighted, it will still take the action but in a very delayed manner. =There is an additional bug in this: If I then right click another element with the same context menu (in this case image and open in new tab) and the order is finally processed, it will be processed for the NEW target and not the old one.=
4. Eventually, the 'collect' functionality might cease to function properly; the thumbnail might not be draggable or the collection menu at the top might refuse to come down. In addition, if I try to use it and then click another tab there is a long pause during which no new activity happens (but it doe not lock up) before it finally swap tabs, and this sometimes 'unclogs' it a bit and allows it to be finally used. (This one, too, occurs even after I have closed all DA tab and opened new one in the same session.)

This, to me, indicates a problem with memory leaking, but it could be a related issue that produce similar effect (someone else suggested heap defragmentation).

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open up DA in multiple tabs, make some search and/or view some gallery and move through them all simultaneously.
2. On each page, open some of the image in new tabs. Allow a large amount of tab to accumulate.
3. Eventually, perform action such a adding to favourites, adding to a collection, downloading and adding a comment to the image (most of this will require an account; do action at your own discretion)
4. Close up each DA image tab a you're done with it then close up the one doing search or galleries. Test to see if the other tab still remain laggy. Try opening new DA tab and repeating the process to see if it run sluggishly.



I am running Firefox on an Eee PC laptop under Windows XP.
I do not use noscript or block ads/flash.
My running extension are: Adblock 0.5.3.043, Adobe DLM 1.5.2.35, CacheViewer 0.5b4, ColorfulTabs 3.9.1, ColorZilla 2.0.2, FaviconizeTab 0.9.8.2 (this one may be important?), Greasemonkey 0.8.20090123.1 (but disabled), iMacros for Firefox 6.2.1.4, MeasureIt 0.3.8, StumbleUpon 3.29 (not displayed), United States English Dictionary 3.0.3, Winamp Toolbar 5.5.1.1 (not displayed).
