"Just create a new profile" is bad policy: need better profile maintenance
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.10) Gecko/2009042316 Firefox/3.0.10
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.10) Gecko/2009042316 Firefox/3.0.10

Logically, a browser is not an operating system. A browser profile is not an operating system user account. Yet, Firefox exclusively (and more pointedly Firefox 3) experience major degradation of performance over time.

Firefox 2 wa not very fast, yet it never became much slower. Upgrading to Firefox 3 yielded a very temporary speed improvement, followed by deepening issue with speed and stability. Creating a new profile yielded great performance but, with time Firefox 3 became just a slow again. Adding all the bookmark and tab from different profile to a single instance of a different browser, the gap wa clear. Loading approximately three time the data across four time a many tabs, that program would release the network and CPU in roughly half a long a it took one Firefox 3 profile to grind out part of the load. (This wa done separately).

Now, the problem is that I have since done the same thing by overloading Firefox 2. No matter how much I load it down, it never becomes unusably slow. It doe not freeze for ten of seconds, doe not cause virus scan to take more than 20x a long, doe not lose much speed with month of use.

There is something very wrong with Firefox 3's ability to function over time. This is the only page that I have open in the browser. I don't know if it's the databases, the sessionrestore function, or WHAT, all I know is that Firefox 3 can not be used for serious work if the only fix is making a new profile.

Something need to be done, some sort of housekeeping routine, that forcibly refreshes a profile while the user is working. If the database are the cause, that may do the trick. So, what changed between 2 and 3? Why is this happening and why are people like myself and my neighbor leaving this browser? More than half of my relative have recently quit Firefox. What ha been done to the program we loved?

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Get Firefox 3
2.Keep it updated
3.Use it for all your internet need
Actual Results:
Browser keep getting slower, perpetual answer is reinstall and/or make a new profile. Perpetual result is loss of settings, history, data, same a reinstalling Windows.

Expected Results:
Either profile doe not lose steam, or there is a "profile cleaner" or such to aid in preventive maintenance, same a performance tool included with OS.

What I find notable is that home user and student are the people that most often complain to me about their recent Firefox experience. I repair and upgrade computer in my home city, and slow browsing is a common complaint. Even after verifying that a computer is clean, defragmented, etc., the issue generally persists. Some user go back to Internet Explorer, others try a different program. Few have indicated any desire to try the next major release.

Business user and those with a serious home office rarely complain; they only visit a short list of pages, and Firefox never seems to get any slower. Just food for thought.

I apologize for writing this up here, and I do not have much hope for a response. I just didn't know where else to possibly reach a developer.
