Bookmarks-Organize Bookmarks ha problems/issues-#1-Not Functioning, #2 overwrites, etc.
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.10) Gecko/2009042316 Firefox/3.0.10 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.10) Gecko/2009042316 Firefox/3.0.10 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

Organize Bookmarks ha problems/issues:
#1-Mozilla Firefox, Organize Bookmarks is not functioning; whenever I try to Organize Bookmarks, in/for any of my many folders, such a by name-alphabetically, it organizes them in the Bookmarks pop-up window only; but, it doe not stay organized after closing the Pop-up window or even after switching between different folder in the Pop-up window; when I click on the Bookmarks drop-down menu for my many folder - where I really need it, they are still disorganized.
#2-Mozilla Firefox Bookmarks - overwrites similar Bookmarks. I have had this problem for any Bookmark that is for a page or the web page ha changed, but the first web page is still shown when I try to Bookmark it. I need to be able to rename it and not destroy/rename the bookmark I already had set up.
#3-Mozilla Firefox, Bookmarks - will not let me put the same Bookmark into different folder (I really need this feature). It will just transfer the same Bookmark around, but not allow me to have multiple (at least two or three) of the same Bookmarks in different folders.
Thanks.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
#1-Mozilla Firefox, Organize Bookmarks is not functioning; whenever I try to Organize Bookmarks, in/for any of my many folders, such a by name-alphabetically, it organizes them in the Bookmarks pop-up window only; but, it doe not stay organized after closing the Pop-up window or even after switching between different folder in the Pop-up window; when I click on the Bookmarks drop-down menu for my many folder - where I really need it, they are still disorganized.
#2-Mozilla Firefox Bookmarks - overwrites similar Bookmarks. I have had this problem for any Bookmark that is for a page or the web page ha changed, but the first web page is still shown when I try to Bookmark it. I need to be able to rename it and not destroy/rename the bookmark I already had set up.
#3-Mozilla Firefox, Bookmarks - will not let me put the same Bookmark into different folder (I really need this feature). It will just transfer the same Bookmark around, but not allow me to have multiple (at least two or three) of the same Bookmarks in different folders.
Thanks.
Reproducibility: Everytime
Steps to Reproduce:
#1-1. Go up to Bookmarks, drop down and click Organize Bookmarks, and then you get a pop-up window.
2. Go to any folder, filled with multiple Bookmarks (I have more than a dozen in each of my many folders) and click on NAME and it will put them in an order (there are three choice - alphabetical-descending or ascending and, back to disorganized/by date, possibly).
3.After organizing any folder, when I switch to a new folder, and then later go back to the same folder (still in the pop-up Organize Bookmarks window) the first folder is disorganized again. Also, if I just try to organize one folder and then close the pop-up Organize Bookmarks window, then go to the drop down Bookmarks, menu of folders, when I pick the "just organized" folder (or so I thought) it is still disorganized.
#2-1. I Bookmark a web page.
2. Then, I click on a link/highlighted article, word or phrase and the web page change to a different sub-set, table, article, etc.
3. When I try to Bookmark this new page, it will still show the first Bookmarked info., and when I change the info. or some of it, it change the first Bookmark, instead of giving me a second or different Bookmarked page.
#3-1. I Bookmark a page and place it in a folder.
2. Then, I try to Bookmark the same page, but store it in a completely different folder.
3. It will just transfer the same Bookmark around, but not allow me to have multiple (at least two or three) of the same Bookmarks in different folders.
Actual Results:
#1- The supposedly newly organized folder(s) are still disorganized.
#2- The first Bookmark is destroyed/lost and renamed.
#3- It will just transfer the same Bookmark around, but not allow me to have multiple (at least two or three) of the same Bookmarks in different folders.

Expected Results:
1- Newly organized folder(s).
2- Give me a new and different Bookmarked/described page.
3- Allow me to have multiple (at least two or three) of the same Bookmarks in different folders.
