Only Single Folder/Level view in Bookmarks (no expanded tree view)
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1) Gecko/20090624 Firefox/3.5 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1) Gecko/20090624 Firefox/3.5 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

This is a bug in usability that wa not present in the 2.x generation.

In short, if I have a series of nested folders, I can see that a folder contains sub folders, but I cannot see the bookmark stored in the sub folders.

This make organization EXTREMELY tedious.

Firefox used to allow you to expand folder in the right pane, where a now, it will only display that folder content.


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Create a series of nest folders. Say (level 1), (level 2), (level 3 Folder 1) and (level 3 Folder 2) and each level is a folder stored within the previous level i.e. Level 2 ha sub folder Level 3 folder 1 and level 3 folder 2.
2.Populate these folder with random bookmark a you would normally.
3. Clicking on any sub folder display the content of that folder and doe not allow you to see an expanded tree view in the right pane a wa possible in earlier version of FireFox
Actual Results:
Subfolder content displayed and previous folder content destroyed/not shown in the right pane.

Expected Results:
You can only see ONE level of bookmark in the right pain. If I have open Level 1, I can see the bookmark in there and see that there is a sub folder, but not it contents. In previous version (at least in the 2.x generation) there would be a '+' and I could expand that folder see it contents, and then move item and organize between levels. Likewise, I could expand multiple level and drag a bookmark from level 3 folder 2 directly to level 1 and place it where I wanted. Now I have to drill down to a folder, cut the link, open up the folder I want to and paste it, or I can drill down, copy it from the right pane to the folder I want in the left pane, but I still have to go back into that folder and then organize where I want it if I want it somewhere other than the end, where before I could do this all exactly in one step in the right pane

Heck, even the piece of crap i.e. allows for expanded tree view in their simple Organize favorite window.

The functionality of 'expanded trees' only showing folder is acceptable in the left hand pane, but in the right pane, the user should have the ability to see MULTIPLE folder and bookmark content.
