right-click -> "view image" -> save/open dialog
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.9.1) Gecko/20090630 Fedora/3.5-1.fc11 Firefox/3.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.9.1) Gecko/20090630 Fedora/3.5-1.fc11 Firefox/3.5

When I try to view an image (by itself) I get the save/open dialog, instead of the image.

This presumably ha something to do with the headers.

I'm worried that you will reply to this report, by telling me about the headers, and how they tell firefox to do something other than view the image a I have instructed.

I don't care. It's my computer, my software, and I have explicitly requested to view the image. Firefox must do what I say, not what the web server says.

Firefox must remember what I have requested, and do it. It is clearly possible.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
This only work on some images. The image I found this on wa in a gmail message a an _inline_ image attachment. Here's the headers:

Content-Disposition: inline;
filename=oldpsdhome.jpg
Content-Transfer-Encoding: base64
Content-Type: image/jpeg;
x-unix-mode=0644;
name="oldpsdhome.jpg"

I have not been able to get the HTTP header that result in a fetch request for this image, since tool like wget, which show the headers, are not logged into my gmail.

1. Log into gmail
2. view an e-mail with a (small) inline image (NOT one with a thumbnail and the view/download button, it doesn't bug on those)
3. right-click and select "view image"
Actual Results:
save/open dialog open

Expected Results:
I see the image by itself in the current tab

In my opinion, Firefox should not be making an internet request when I select "view image" at all ever. The image is clearly on my computer already, or it could not be on the screen. When I click "view image" I don't want to see some (possibly different) image that I get from downloading again, I want to see what I just clicked on.

This is a symptom of a larger issue I have with Firefox. When I "save" or "print" or "view", I mean to save/print/view what I see on the screen, and do not under any circumstance want Firefox to try to re-download first. re-downloading is always slow, and sometimes result it totally the wrong document, for example if I try to print my PayPal receipt after my session ha expired.
