When opening a series of link one by one in new tabs, a link is skipped and the next link is loaded if right-clicked before the previous tab ha opened
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1.1) Gecko/20090715 Firefox/3.5.1 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1.1) Gecko/20090715 Firefox/3.5.1 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

So I have a series of links, and I want to open them all in tabs. I right click each one and select "Open Link in New Tab" in quick succession. One of these tab ha not yet opened when I right click on the next link, and something interesting happens: when the menu pop up, "Open Link in New Tab" is already selected a if I'm hovering over it, but I'm not. This is then "clicked" even though my pointer is nowhere near this selection, and instead of the previous link being opened, this current link is opened, even though I haven't yet told it to. Often this result in one link being skipped and the next being opened twice, if I didn't notice it being opened the first time.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Navigate to page with list of links, e.g. Techmeme
2. Right click first link and click "Open Link in New Tab"
3. Repeat with each succeeding link until problem appears
Actual Results:
A link wa skipped, and the next link wa opened just by right-clicking on it. "Open Link in New Tab" wa "selected" and "clicked" without my input and without the pointer moving to that selection.

Expected Results:
The link that didn't open should have opened. The next link should not have opened without my direct input.

I noticed this behavior consistently in FF 3.0 but never got around to reporting it. Perhaps the problem wa present in earlier version too.

My computer is a five-year-old laptop. This problem may not appear on newer, faster machines, which may avoid the problem by opening every tab before the next link can be right-clicked.

I'm running FF with only two global extension present: Free Download Manager plugin, and Microsoft .NET Framework Assistant.
