Firefox crash every day after running for some time. Has crashed everyday since new update.
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.0.12) Gecko/2009070611 Firefox/3.0.10, Ant.com Toolbar 1.3 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.0.12) Gecko/2009070611 Firefox/3.0.10, Ant.com Toolbar 1.3 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

I am using what I believe to be the latest version of Firefox. The version is V3.0.12 and it wa "auto-installed" on July 21,09. I get the following notice before it shuts down:
"This application ha requested the runtime to terminate it in an unusual way."

This is the first time since I began using Firefox that I've encountered any problems. I would appreciate either getting a "fix" on-line or finding where I may install the previous version so I man eliminate this very irritating problem.

Since the upgrade Firefox ha shut down unexpectedly EVERY day sometimes more than once. The program ha apparently sent your company notice that it ha a problem, but I've yet to be notified, so I am notifying you. I really enjoy this product and it would upset me to be forced to return to your competitor, since I don't care for it at all. Please either issue a repair or a new update. Your help in this matter would be greatly appreciated.
Regards,
John Daughtry


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. I run Firefox everyday, there is nothing to "do" it simply crashes.
2. Most day it's crashing more than once.
3. I simply "read" story on-line so I don't believe I'm "overloading" the program. This never happened until the latest upgrade
Actual Results:
The reason I'm writing now is it just crashed again for the second time today. I restart it every time, and wa originally rebooting my entire system but that didn't solve anything so I stopped doing it.

Expected Results:
I would hope you have already discovered the problem and will either issue a general update or will begin looking for the problem immediately.

I've used your product for a very long time and hope you can discover the problem. Otherwise I hope I can find an earlier version to download a I never had a problem before this upgrade.

I've used this computer for a bit over a year and it ha been extremely stable a ha been your program.
