I can see the photo that is shown on the screen
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; pt-BR; rv:1.9.1.1) Gecko/20090715 Firefox/3.5.1 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; pt-BR; rv:1.9.1.1) Gecko/20090715 Firefox/3.5.1 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

Hello, since of yesterday,or some few day ago i have observing that my browser's having some of strange behaviors, i tryied to log-on in a page of ORKUT, and i received a message saying that my pc could be inffected by a virus, so, i use the Mcafee software protection, and i pay for it, just to feel fatety. But i see that the same problem do not occurs whith INTERNET EXPLORE 8, and i have the original software of Microsoft coporation, since the OPERATION SISTEM to the BROWSER...
And even before it, i wa just observing, that in this link sent to you by me, that, when i try to watch some picture throw the browser, i have many problem on doing this. it stay blocked, the page duplicate the form, or keep loading, never coming back to display the images...
I have "or i try to", safe behavior on navigating on the web, just to prevent the risk of geting problem whith my sistem, like geting virus or spyware or anything else that could break my sistem...
So thats why im reporting this to you...
I like very much, but just no very much... but very very very very much FIREFOX. And before the upgrade the last vertion, i never had problem like this..
Now, i really dont know... if the problem is in my sistem...'that i doubt a little bit' or if it a problem caused by the developer of the page 'that\'s perfectly possible' because everybody know that the incompatibility of the browser could occurs, or finally the problem is in fact on the FIREFOX...
The fact is, that if i had some problem in my sistem, it would occur whith the INTERNET EXPLORE 8, which is not going on right now...

To end this message, i woud say that i'll keep observing the behavior of the sistem, and report if the problem persists...

Thank you !!!

Reproducible: Sometimes
