floating text window box that follows mouse cursor movement.
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.1.2) Gecko/20090729 Firefox/3.5.2 GTB5 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.1.2) Gecko/20090729 Firefox/3.5.2 GTB5 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

This is rather hard to describe since I'm not sure what to call it. Since the new update of 3.5.1 or 3.5.2 in late July or early August 2009 I now have a small text box window that pop up when I move the cursor on a webpage using the mouse, show for a few second and then disappears. The text it contains varies, and seems to be taken from one of the text entry box (such a this), or occasionally from a hotlink -- for instance at the moment it say "show", and earlier it said "comment", but earlier tonight it ha said "Terminator at Elks Theater Schedules" since that wa the subject line of one of my Yahoo account emails, and it ha occasionally held a full sentence. I'm not sure if this is actually a bug, or if it is something I need to turn off in the tool menu, but since it seems hang on to random info from a previous webpage, I think it is a glitch. It didn't appear until the updated Firefox download of a few night ago and it only appears in Firefox, not in any other browser. I have also run a spyware scan and that ran clean.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Start Firefox. Depending on what you're doing, may be okay for a bit, but then...
2. type into a form, click on an email, or occasionally do nothing....
3.box appears and follows the cursor for the rest of the browsing session. Move the mouse, see the box ... move the mouse, see the box....
It's that simple, and that unexplainable. It just start happening.
Actual Results:
I just went and clicked a different email in a different tab than this. Instead of "show" which had come from some webpage link, or possibly comment form, I now have a different subject line (from Ebay): "Don't miss out on item YU GI OH Japanese KAIBA @ Structure Deck NIP lot of 14 (280378570878)" following my cursor arrow around any time I move the mouse. The message display for about 4 second and then disappears till I move the mouse again. I could change this to a different line again, but what's the point? -- you see how it work already... When it pick up something this long it can get in the way of what I'm trying to read on a webpage.

Expected Results:
Box shouldn't display at all. It is totally useless. You can't type in it, you can't use it to fill information into a form from, it doesn't even tell you anything relevant to the current page since it pick up something from early and then just repeat it. All it doe is get in the way of what you are trying to read when you scroll through a web page.

I could send you a screen cap of this if you need one....

If it isn't a bug, but just something I need to turn off in the option settings, please let me know what I need to change -- I tried to find something that would fix it, but didn't succeed.
