System / OS hang for a number of second when browser is closed after browser ha been running a long time
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.1.2) Gecko/20090729 Firefox/3.5.2 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.1.2) Gecko/20090729 Firefox/3.5.2 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

When firefox ha been running for a long time and is closed - the OS hangs/freezes for a number of second (more than 5 and le than 30, but different each time)

When closing the browser the browser window disappears a expected and system responds correctly for one or 2 second before the mouse freezes, any sound playing 'stutters' for the duration of the freeze and no input can be made from keyboard. This continues for the full length of the 'freeze' until system return to normal with no other apparent adverse affects. The system ha returned to normal every time after a freeze and ha not required a restart.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. leave firefox open for a long time (eg overnight so 6 to 8 hours)
2. close browser completely

Actual Results:
System freeze for a number of second after browser window ha closed.

Expected Results:
Mouse, keyboard, sound etc should continue to operate normally on exiting browser.

Does not seem linked to the number of tab open in the browser - have reproduced this problem with one blank tab a well a one or more tab with website open.

Does not seem linked to a specific website running at the time.

Happens only after the last instance of firefox closes, not when a second 'window' of firefox is closed after a long period.

'Long time' - can't quantify how long this is - browser seems to close normally after a couple of hour operation although occasionally ha resulted in a brief freeze - a subjective opinion is the freeze are generally longer in proportion to the length of time a browser ha been running. Happens every time the browser ha been left open for a number of hour (over night or longer) which range from 4 hour to more than 24 hour running.

I would have listed it a critical (how long doe an average user wait to hit the reset button?) a the freeze are symptomatic of a crash requiring a hard reset however experimenting ha shown waiting long enough will allow the system to return to normal.
