Pop-up display all wrong
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1.3) Gecko/20090824 Firefox/3.5.3 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1.3) Gecko/20090824 Firefox/3.5.3 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

I have been using Firefox for a long time and have been relying on it a my main browser software. I have other browser installed to check my web design but I really like Firefox up until just recently. I use two desktop in my work. A couple week ago I noticed that the panorama I create were not displaying correctly with Firefox on either of my desktops. They were not completely filling the pop-up window and the control bar did not display. The same web page(s) displayed properly with IE and had no problem. I contacted EasyPano where I purchased the creation software and they could not find and solution. I went back and forth with EP for over two week getting very frustrated with what I thought wa their software problem. Finally I decided to completely wipe Firefox from one of my box and do a clean reinstall. To my amazement the panorama now displayed properly and on my second machine the display wa still bad. I did the same reinstall on my second box and the panorama then displayed a they should now on both machines. I really did not appreciate that the Firefox software caused me some much aggravation and wasted time, but I had the problem finally resolved. I thought. Just yesterday I wa working on one of my desktop and the display again wa wrong a before…!? My other desktop wa still displaying them properly. Somehow the program had reverted back to whatever state it wa before the reinstalling I had done. I had done nothing to the Firefox software since the reinstall. I have not repeated the reinstall procedure to correct the problem yet because if it happened once it could and probably will happen again. I do not have the time to keep reinstalling your software to keep it working right whenever it decides to change. I searched your db and did not find any similar complaints. If there is one, I apologize and please refer me to the solution. If there is not a similar problem I need it resolved permanently or I will be forced to discontinue my use of Firefox. This is my first and hopefully only report I will make to you since I am not a programmer. And if this is not the correct forum to address this problem please either forward this information to whoever can resolve it or let me know who I need to contact and I will contact them myself. As stated, I really like and have been relying on Firefox and do not want to lose it a a tool, but this problem is not acceptable and will stop me from using your software. I am wondering what other user out there may want to view my panorama and get a bad display which is not fault of my own. Please let me know ASAP with a resolution to this problem. I await your reply. RL

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Not know, since I have not idea how your software changed.
2. I could attach screen shot of the display if this wa an option.
3.
Actual Results:
Please refer to my detail statement.

Expected Results:
Firefox's display to work right permanently.

Nothing...
