firefox.exe will not exit after closing Firefox. Not same a Bug 511483
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1.5) Gecko/20091102 Firefox/3.5.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1.5) Gecko/20091102 Firefox/3.5.5

Happens most often with several tab (>3-4) open, or after FF ha been running for "a while" (~10+ minutes). Only a single firefox.exe is open at any time, and this is what will not close (not the multiple instantiation of firefox.exe*32 of Bug 511483).

While this instantiation of FF is open, it run absolutely normally. I cannot open a separate FF window, however; I can only have one window open at a time. Also, when I quit FF (the Windows 'X' in the upper right corner, or File|Exit), the window go away with all the usual prompt related to the tabs, but I cannot re-open Firefox a the executable ha not, and will not, exit on it own. I must kill the process via Windows Task Manager.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Open a FF window, browse normally, open several tabs.
2.Leave FF running for a while.
3.Close FF using any of the normal close procedure ('X' in upper right window is how I normally close).
4. Try to reopen FF, get no response at all. I (re)open from the icon I keep on the task bar in the section that contains, by default, the IE and show desktop icons.
Actual Results:
The firefox.exe doe not close. This can be seen via Windows Task manager. This still-open process is associated with not being able to reopen FF, and it's associated with the inability to open a second instantiation of FF with one FF window already open.

Expected Results:
The executable should have stopped. Additionally, while I have a FF window open, I should be able to open another FF window.

I'm torn between marking this a a Major or Normal severity bug. I left it a Normal because, in the end, the work-around is straightforward, and the inability to open an additional FF window is, for me, an inconvenience, not a a show stopper.
