back ground downloading of online video or any file downloading with IDM
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.15) Gecko/2009101601 Firefox/3.0.15 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.15) Gecko/2009101601 Firefox/3.0.15 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

hello,
i m new to mozilla community. and i want tell a problem that i m facing.

whenever i see i video from any online video sharing site (e.g. Youtube, Zshare, Dailymotion), if i close that tab, still in background that online video continues to buffer.

I use IDM to Download files/ takeover download from mozilla's default download manger tool. Same thing happens with it. If File Save Dialogue appears for selecting path or an application (e.g. Flashgot, Flashget, IDM) and if i choose IDM, download is take over by IDM, but still in background a download runs, or something like that.
I have monitored this thing many time. And it happens only with Mozilla. When i use Google chrome for same download purpose, it wont happens. If the file i m downloading is of 10 mb, it actually cost 10 mb. But in case of Mozilla bandwidth is used for whatever purpose after download is done/Completed by IDM (it can be checked in Internet connection properties/status)

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Install IDM and integrate with Firefox
2.open internet connection properties/status where data received/ sent can be seen. Check no other activity are using bandwidth.
3.open youtube video and start downloading with hepl of IDM (in corner of the falsh player download option appears)
4. a soon a download start close firefox.
5. now after video is downloaded check status of internet connection. you will notice that bandwidth is utilized for some what reason and it only happens with Firefox.

Actual Results:
more bandwidth is used. It is not good for those user having limited bandwidth plan of internet connection. and actually it happens in background,
user don't know anything about it. (unaware of the background downloading)

Expected Results:
only file is to be downloaded.
