When mozilla fire fox restarts the last session tab dissapears ..
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.1.5) Gecko/20091102 Firefox/3.5.5 GTB6 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.1.5) Gecko/20091102 Firefox/3.5.5 GTB6 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

Hello Dev's
I am having problem with mozilla firefox , it kinda very annoying so i want to report it .. plz help me out in this matter ..

it kinda like this .. i have around 20-25 tab opened... and my setting are such that when i re-open firefox my previously opened tab are displayed .. mean the tab which in which i wa working on last time and then when i close firefox it save .. and then when i reopen all tho tab are displayed again ,..
this problem started a few week back i tried reinstalling firefox but it didnt solved my problem .. the thing is ... when i am working on firefox and my computer ha an unexpected shut down .. or sometimes even when i close it normaly and reopen firefox some of the preiously opened tab (websited on which i wa working) are replaced by "untitled tab" mean instead of the website and tab that were supposed to open .. i now have untitled web page tab .. and it really annoying cuz i have to go into history and re-open those tab again .. plz help me out this matter .. or a reply would be gr8 through mail plz .
i even changed my setting that didnt helped me out either .. i increased my temperory file size by a lot .. didnt help either .. if u want more detail plz notify me about it .. Note : only a few tab are replaced and not all of them .. some of the previous tab remains .. only a few of those tab are replaced by untitiled web page

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1.sudden power cut of from computer
2.sometimes when mozilla firefox crashes.
3.sometimes when u even normaly close and re-open the firefox the tab are gone ..
Actual Results:
Head Ache and some anger building up inside me ..

Expected Results:
all of my previos tab should have opened properly and not just a few of them and lot of untitled webpage

My email : aasimyalla@hotmail.com
