Firefox often freeze Snow Leopard when being opened, loading pages, or even running in the background.
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10_6_2; en-us) AppleWebKit/531.21.8 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/4.0.4 Safari/531.21.10
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.6; en-US; rv:1.9.2b4) Gecko/20091124 Firefox/3.6b4

A few week ago, my entire system locked up for about a minute. I thought it wa peculiar, but I went on doing what I wa doing (working; programming HTML/CSS and loading web page in Firefox while listening to music).

However, it started happening more and more, to the point that I could no longer take it and wa forced to use Safari. I found that the freeze happened mostly while I wa loading webpages, but they also happened when booting Firefox and rarely while Firefox wa running in the background.

I noticed that the freezing occurred mostly when Firefox wa loading script that weren't on the current page's domain, such a analytic scripts, asset files, etc. With that said, it seemed to happen mostly on site that linked to file from many sources, such a Mashable and other big blogs.

I suspect this isn't Firefox triggering an OS or driver bug, but I've got no way to confirm that. Console show no error and the freezing happens even after uninstalling all add-ons. I also tried uninstalling and reinstalling Firefox, and it's still happening.

My only other suspicion is that my Verizon FIOS connection is causing the problem. I know that sound silly, but sometimes I feel like it could be too fast for it's own good and cause weird timeout problems.

I'll provide any information that you ask for. Simply ask! Also, I apologize if this ha already been reported. I looked for it and didn't find a bug that represented mine accurately enough. Thanks again!

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open Firefox
2. Browse the web
3. Wait patiently when Firefox 'randomly' lock up your machine for 30 second to 2 minutes.
Actual Results:
As mentioned, the problem is 'random.' It seems to happen nearly every time I visit Mashable, but there have been time that I've visited the site without having a freeze. It ha happened with many other site a well, with an average frequency of maybe one out of every 30 or 40 (but never any of my locally hosted web files).

Expected Results:
Firefox should have loaded the page correctly and without freezing the OS or itself.
