Session Restore losing, duplicating and replacing window after crash
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1.5) Gecko/20091102 Firefox/3.5.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1.5) Gecko/20091102 Firefox/3.5.5

I leave 100+ tab open at any one time. I leave firefox open and leave my computer on constantly. This allows me to peruse everything I'm looking up or reading for various project I'm working on or whatnot, without having to load them again, a well a preserving page that may be changed or deleted; all of which cannot be done with bookmarks. I try to categorize them into 3 or 4 windows.

When leaving firefox on for so long, crash are bond to happen. And with so many tab open, they tend to happen every 2 to 5 days. It's really annoying. But what's worse is that I loose entire window of tabs. It maybe happens 2 out of every 3 crashes. And about 2 out of every three time it happens, the missing window is in History > Recently Closed Windows. But there's still the other time when the window is completely lost. It can also happen to multiple window at the same time.

Normally, when this happens, one of the other window is duplicated in it's place. And sometimes the duplicated window ha the wrong amount of tab open, with extra empty tabs. Also the Back/Forward history can be empty, which is bad for me since if any webpage is slowing down Firefox, I'll hit the Home button then hit Back when I want to get to it again. Windows also tend to become resized, despite them all being full screen, which is not caused by any webpage's scripting, out of order, and on the wrong monitor. (I have two monitors)

This ha been occurring for a VERY long time. The detail may have changed slightly, but it's not a new problem. I've been waiting probably year for this to be fixed, and I'm finally angered into filing this bug. I expect my browser to be reliable, not loose my data time after time again. This ha occurred on every computer I have used for an extended period of time, and on numerous version of Firefox.

Also, the same thing happens when I click the "Restart Tabbed" button from the Toolbar Buttons extension. But I tried duplicating it by disabling/re-enabling add-on and clicking the "Restart Firefox" button that drop down above the add-on list, and the error doesn't occur (anymore, at least).

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open numerous tab in some window (I tried 30 tab of random page without flash per window, in 3 windows)
2. Make it crash? (Alt+Ctrl+Del > Processes > End Process) (or press the Restart Tabbed button in the Toolbar Buttons extension)
3. Reopen firefox
Actual Results:
Not always, but much of the time a window may be missing or replaced by a duplicate of another. On one attempt only one of the window opened at all.

Expected Results:
All window and tab should remain.
