When closing another window a last then tab in another window are lost although preffered to keep them
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; pl; rv:1.9.0.12) Gecko/2009070611 Firefox/3.0.12 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; pl; rv:1.9.0.12) Gecko/2009070611 Firefox/3.0.12 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

This is an annoying behaviour actually, not a bug itself.
Several time I noticed that when in my browser I have many tab ('collected' for many weeks, not closed for some reason, it's my choice to keep them opened and get back to them lateron; let's call them Favourite tabs) and some web page open another window (with add, chart, picture or any other content) which not necessary ha typical browser dimension so I can miss it or forget a it is not anything important for me, then when I first close my main firefox window and being in rush I close second window then on next running I will not have my favourite tab restored, because firefox stick to last window closed! I can not preserve tab per window when at least 2 window are opened, only last one have this ability.
To have option 'Ask on exit when closing browser with many tab opened' is annoying and even with it set to ON user may get used to it and always click Yes without thinking about it (ignoring it). I turned this popup off and enabled 'Restore tab from last session', but this set-up doe not work for me in scenario a described above.
I'd like to have a choice to keep tab remembered per window or joined together or at least being warned when closing another window which set new set of tab to restore on next start. There is no ability to get my tab re-opend with Undo Close Tab which i closed in above circumstances.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Open window with many tabs. Imagine you want them opend on every day for next few week or month ...
2.Open another window with or without any tabs.
3.Now close in reverse order i.e. first close 1st window (with your important tab collected for week or months).
4. Close 2nd window- that one with content not imported for you.
5. Start firefox again- your favourite tab are not being restored because last window which wa closed wa not that one with your favourite tabs. These tab are not on the list of 'Recently closed tabs'


Expected Results:
Any mechanism to protect me from losting/ to remember opened tab in such stupid way i.e. when working with several window (yes it is my fault- It had happened always when I wa in rush, but I really don't like it).
