program freeze up without apparent reason, if shutdown, will not close but no window showing and then without warning restarts; affect Firefox window so cannot return to desktop or open other browsers, not entire computer
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.1.7) Gecko/20091221 Firefox/3.5.7 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.1.7) Gecko/20091221 Firefox/3.5.7 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

When using Firefox to view video or to upload video to place such a YouTube or Hulu, despite uploading the appropriate plug-ins, Firefox shutdown without warning, stop streaming or uploading for no apparent reason, lock up the computer, and requires an administrative shutdown that apparently doe not close it down, because attempt to re-open get an error message that it is already running despite no window or indicator in the toolbars. IN addition, once shutdown, it will restart without warning, often interrupting page on which I am working or viewing things. This started about a couple week ago, after repeated attempt to upgrade my Firefox browser failed. I gave up trying to upgrade, and the problem ha become increasingly disruptive.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. closed window, then reopened, started uploading videos, took about two hour to lock up.
2. closed window, tried to reopen, but could not reopen from desktop for over 15 minute
3. closed window, then reopened. Opened another window with Firefox, worked on it, going back and forth for about an hour, before both window locked up.
4. closed window, then reopened. Opened another window using Chrome or Explorer, going back and forth for about an hour, before both window again locked up.
5. closed window, did not reopen intentionally, about one hour later while working through another browser, it reopened and then would not close.
6. cleared browser history and cookies, but still lock up.
Actual Results:
See above

Expected Results:
Should not have locked up, should have closed and stayed closed when shutdown, should not have locked up other browser windows.

This appears to happen in any window - whether video or not - in Firefox, and it affect other browser on my computer which I open when I am viewing or uploading video only while Firefox is running something else or another video, not other function in other browsers. It is also happening on my husband's computer which is a duplicate of mine, so it is not isolated to my computer only.

I run a website where I post video through YouTube and then transfer them to my website for further discussions. It took me three day to upload 6 five-minute video to YouTube this week because of problem with Firefox shutting down without warning or locking up. When I tried it through Chrome, it took me le than five minute to upload the last of the videos.
