intermittent JavaScript if turned on then off then on again
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.1.7) Gecko/20091221 Firefox/3.5.7 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.1.7) Gecko/20091221 Firefox/3.5.7 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

Hello,
I just upgraded a few day ago from 3.5.x to 3.5.7, (I can't remember the exact number for x, but it wa the previous small release to this one). The previous one worked OK, a little slow, but a least it worked. Now the new release 3.5.7 seems to have an intermittent problem with JavaScript. Here's what happens. I start Firefox, turn on the cookies, then log in to eBay, search for what I'm looking for. If I find it and decide to bid and it's le than an hour. I turn JavaScript on reload the page and eBay ha a count down clock that tick down by the second. If I decide I want to view something else while waiting, I turn off JavaScript (YES YES I KNOW THE CLOCK WILL STOP COUNTING DOWN AS LONG AS JAVASCRIPT IS OFF, THAT'S NOT THE PROBLEM), then view what ever I'm looking at and then go back to the original eBay window, turn JavaScript back on and hit reload, the countdown clock won't start again. It did under previous release but not this one. Further, if I either close that window and bring it up in another or find something else le than an hour and bring it up the count down clock won't run either. The only way to make it work is to close down Firefox completely and start over. Obviously this is some kind of technical problem on Firefox's part. It's the only thing I've upgraded since this started. My window version is Vista home premium, service pack 1, the computer is HP a1747c with 1 gig memory, Athlon 4600+, and Firefox 3.5.7 (as a side note: Operating with JavaScript on all the time is unacceptable. It slows thing down too much and make the screen to busy with useless crap showing up at the wrong time and it is a hacker friend to which I have enough hacker problem without giving them yet another way in)
Any help you can do to solve this problem, not only for me but for all others, would be greatly appreciated. I know you don't normally respond, but if I left something out that would help technically, please feel free to contact and ask the question. I will be glad to tell any additional information that might help this or any other problem you are trying to fix.
Thanks,
Nubomb

myadvertizerssendmecrapmail@yahoo.com

(yes that is a real email, it's my avoid spam at all cost email and I do check it)



Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. start Firefox
2. turn on cooky
3. sign into eBay
4. find something under 1 hour till auction end
5. turn on JavaScript
6. reload page
7. see countdown clock in red toward top of browser counting down
8. turn off JavaScript
9. countdown clock ha stopped (which is OK for now)
10. bring up another Firefox window
11. view something else, anything else
12. go back to Firefox window with eBay on it with countdown clock is stopped
13. turn JavaScript back on
14. click on reload button
15. see countdown clock not working. (now it's not OK)
16. previous releases, countdown clock always started back up and ran
17. close the Firefox browser completely
18. restart Firefox browser (sometimes JavaScript works, other time restart PC)
Actual Results:
Still doe the same thing a above.

Expected Results:
JavaScript should have restarted the countdown clock each time JavaScript is turned back on after being turned off and reload button is clicked.

This is all the information I can think to give at this moment. If trying to reproduce this should generate any question at all, please, please feel free to contact me back and ask them.
Thank you,
Nubomb

myadvertizerssendmecrapmail@yahoo.com

(again this is a real address, it just designed to make it hard for spammer to accidentally generate it)
