Raw HTML displayed on and tab missing from eBay's seller's page 'Edit your listing'
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.9.2.2pre) Gecko/20100223 Ubuntu/9.10 (karmic) Namoroka/3.6.2pre
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.9.2.2pre) Gecko/20100223 Ubuntu/9.10 (karmic) Namoroka/3.6.2pre

eBay's 'Edit your listing' for seller page is divided into a number of sections.
Two part of the page work normally in Firefox under XP, but not in Firefox (Namoroka) under Ubuntu.
I use eBay regularly for selling; my PC is configured to dual-boot between Win XP and Ubuntu Linux.
These problem are easily reproducible.


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Go to the 'Edit your listing' page
2. Click on 'Add pictures' button
3. Notice that the 'Browse' button overlay the text

1. Scroll down to the 'Describe the item you're selling panel'
2. Notice that HTML is display in the panel and the user cannot see the listing normally.
Actual Results:
Two problem on the same eBay 'Edit your listing' page.

First problem is minor and second is more serious.

First minor problem:
Click on the Add picture button and a new window opens.
In Namoroka the Browse button is displaced to the right, overlaying text.
In Firefox under XP this is displayed normally.
If you think this problem might be related to my graphic card, drivers, screen resolution, etc then let me know and I will gladly supply you with all the relevant details.

Second more serious problem:
On the 'Edit your listing' page there is a section entitled 'Describe the item you're selling'
In Firefox under XP, this section ha two tab that allow the user to flip back and forth between normal display mode and the underlying HTML code that will appear in their auction item (ie advert).
In Namoroka under Ubuntu no tab are displayed.
What the user see in the panel containing their advert is the underlying HTML code, rather than their listing.
I am used to seeing and using HTML, however anyone unfamiliar with HTML might find this disconcerting. Also, they cannot see their listing properly, so they might have difficulty creating listing on eBay.



Expected Results:
I expected eBay's 'Edit your listing' page for seller in Namoroka under Ubuntu to be displayed the same way it is displayed Firefox under XP.

I have not supplied a URL because of security issue related to my eBay account.
Let me know if you require more info.
I can supply image grabbed from the screen, if that would help.
I am a long-time Microsoft user, still an XP user, who is currently migrating from XP to Ubuntu Linux. Hence, I am running Firefox under both OS's.
NB - I also use Thunderbird and FileZilla.
Hope this helps!
