Inconsistent password reminder notice in popup window (getting old dialog window instead of new top bar)
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.1; es-ES; rv:1.9.2) Gecko/20100115 Firefox/3.6 GTBDFff GTB7.0 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729) Creative ZENcast v2.01.01
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.1; es-ES; rv:1.9.2) Gecko/20100115 Firefox/3.6 GTBDFff GTB7.0 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729) Creative ZENcast v2.01.01

For some reason, when entering login detail in a popup window I get the old "Confirm" window asking me if I wish to have the password remembered for me with the button "Remember", "Never for this site" and "Not now".

This message and button appears in a *dialog window*, not in a bar at the top, which is Firefox modern behaviour (I'm using Firefox 3.6).

But the odd thing is, if I submit the wrong login data and the page get reloaded, then after typing again and submitting, the proper bar at the top appears asking the same ("Remember", "Never for this site", "Not now"), but this time it's a toolbar, not a dialog window!

This is inconsistent and I suppose it must be a bug.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Go to http://www.dealextreme.com and click any article, or go to the sample URL provided above (URL field). Then click in "Add to Wish List".

2. A popup window appears. Type any non-existing e-mail and password and click "Sign in".

3. The classic password reminder dialog window from older Firefox version appears, instead of the newer top bar design.

4. Click "Not now" and type the password again. Then click "Sign in" again.

5. The new top bar appears asking the same question but this time not in dialog window form but in top bar form.

Actual Results:
Doing the same thing twice, the first time you get a dialog window and in subsequent time you get the top bar, both asking the same question about remembering the password. This is inconsistent.

Expected Results:
The design should be consistent, either always showing the top bar, or always showing the dialog window (only for popup windows, not for page in the main browser).
