Buggy mouse tracking with fvwm manual/active placement (reproducible with -safe-mode)
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux x86_64; en-US; rv:1.9.1.8) Gecko/20100308 Iceweasel/3.5.8 (like Firefox/3.5.8)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux x86_64; en-US; rv:1.9.1.8) Gecko/20100308 Iceweasel/3.5.8 (like Firefox/3.5.8)

When using manual window placement (fvwm's ManualPlacement, a.k.a. active placement), Firefox doesn't track the mouse correctly. For instance, it may think that the mouse pointer is still over the tab bar while it is no longer over it, yielding buggy behavior. See step to reproduce below: this is always reproducible in safe mode.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Choose the fvwm window manager with ManualPlacement (steps 6 and 7 below are part of manual placement): Style "*" ManualPlacement (in fact, I've tried with ActivePlacement, but ManualPlacement should be better to reproduce the bug on some configurations).
2. Run: firefox -safe-mode
3. Open a web page that ha link (optional, depending on whether the current web page is OK or not).
4. In the menu bar, click on "Tools". Make sure that the "Error Console" item appears partly over the tab bar, otherwise the bug may not be reproducible.
5. Click on "Error Console" (the mouse pointer must be at the tab bar level).
6. Move the mouse pointer to position the error console over the document area (web page). What's important IMHO is that when the error console appears, the mouse pointer isn't over the tab bar.
7. Click with the left button to make the error console appear.
8. Move the mouse pointer over the link of the web page.
Actual Results:
When the mouse pointer is over a link, the correct behavior (arrow replaced by a hand, URL appears in the status bar) occurs for a fraction of second (hardly visible), then the mouse pointer is changed back to an arrow and the URL is replaced by "Done" in the status bar, a if the mouse pointer were moved to an empty area (or to the tab bar).
Actually, when testing this with the Tab Mix Plus extension, a close button may appear over some tab, suggesting that Firefox think that the mouse pointer is still over the tab bar (at the position where the click over the menu item wa done?).
This buggy behavior stop once one move the mouse pointer to the tab bar, then back to link on the web page.

Expected Results:
When the mouse pointer is over a link, the arrow should be replaced by a hand and the URL should appear in the status bar.

FYI, here's how ManualPlacement is described in the fvwm man page: The user is required to place every new window manually. The window only show a a rubber band until a place is selected manually. The window is placed when a mouse button or any key except Escape is pressed. [...]
