New Web Pages Will Not Open In A New Window, Always Tabs; Also, Not Responding To Links in Emails & Webpages (may be related issue)
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2) Gecko/20100115 Firefox/3.6
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2) Gecko/20100115 Firefox/3.6

I prefer new web page to open in a New Window instead of a new tab, but regardless of how the preference and tab setting are checked or unchecked, tab seems be the default way it works. Also, Firefox will not respond to link in email (I am using Thunderbird only!). Clicking on a link in an email ,or even inside a web page, nothing happens. Mouse pointer never changes, but I can hear the hard drive doing something. But nothing happens. I have to cut and paste the link into a new TAB in order to go to the URL. And doing a FILE --> New Window doe not work, but FILE --> New Tab does. I've tried every possible setting of the preferences\tabs settings, but nothing works. I've reinstalled Firefox and even tried restarting the machine from a complete power-off. No improvement.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Launch program.
2. Firefox running: Click on a link in an HTML email. Nothing happens.
3. At any website, click on a link somewhere in a page. Nothing happens.
Actual Results:
1. Program start normally and "appears" normal (I set it to come up in a blank page - I have no "home page" I go to at launch).
2. System never switch from the email to Firefox on the screen and it never go to the page specified in the link. The only exception is if Firefox in NOT running. Clicking on a link in an email will launch Firefox and it will load and display the page specified in the link. But no further link are responded to.
3. Firefox just stay at the web site it's on, and remains on the same page.

It's like it never see the mouse click on the links!

Expected Results:
Firefox should switch to a new window (if Tab Mode is switched off) and travel to and load the new website page when a link is clicked in the body of an HTML email. And even in Tab Mode, it should load a new page in a new (or existing) tab.

This seems to never have worked right since this version wa installed. And in the Tools\Options\Tabs setting menu, there is no check box provided that is clearly marked to implicitly turn tab OFF and default to using Window Mode, which I prefer. I am forced to always use tabs. No matter how these setting are configured, this never work a one would expect.

I have my Windows XP Pro SP-2 configured in "Classic" mode so the UI appears like older Windows operating systems. I never liked the way Microsoft always force system environmental change on customer - I like it the way I became used to it. I have been using computer since the old DOS and command line UNIX day and new is not always better. Could my XP system setting be contributing to this issue?

All other aspect and feature of Firefox work fine and I really prefer Firefox over any other browser.

Please advise any testing or experiment I can do to help the developer isolate and correct this problem. Seems more like a "goof" than a bug. But it is VERY annoying!
