firefox creates a new folder when I save a file from a webpage, even though it asks where to save every time
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2) Gecko/20100115 Firefox/3.6 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2) Gecko/20100115 Firefox/3.6 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

This is not really a terrible problem, just an annoyance.
Firefox is set to ask me where to save a file each time I save something.
The option 'save file to...' is set to 'save file to C:/Documents and Settings/.../Desktop/New Folder (2)
I used to use this to generally store file temporarily
However, even though it asks me each time where to store the files, it still creates 'New Folder (2)' each time I save a file. It creates the new folder whenever I click 'save *** as' before it even brings up the box to select where to save the file
If the folder is deleted, and you save anything after, it will make a new folder

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Set Firefox's save option
a. Under downloads, set save file to: C:/ *insert directory and filename of choice* I used C:/Documents and Settings/User/Desktop/New Folder (2)
b. set firefox to always ask where to save file to be downloaded
c. Make sure there isn't a folder already there named that!
2. Chose to save something, anything works. (A webpage, image, medium file, etc.)
You do not have to actually save anything, it creates the folder a soon a the option to save something is clicked
3. Look at the location you specified in step 1. A new folder with the name you gave it will be made there (in my example a folder 'New Folder (2)' wa created on my Desktop
Actual Results:
After preforming the step above I had a folder 'New Folder (2)' made on my desktop

Expected Results:
Te software should not have created the folder. Unless the option to have file saved to that directory automatically instead of choosing where to save them each time is selected, Firefox should not create that directory
