wheel spinning but not going anywhere
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.9.2) Gecko/20100115 Firefox/3.6
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.9.2) Gecko/20100115 Firefox/3.6

I subscribed to several newsletter with news briefs. I scan them and when I find a page/article I find interesting I click to view it. While it is loading I go back to scanning the briefs. Usually I find another article and click to load that page/article too. Eventually I get up to 30, occasionally more, page loading at the same time. And they do not seem to be doing anything. OK, that's a lot of page and it will take a lot of time. But I am wondering if Firefox is so busy, and page structure is so complex, that Firefox can't load enough data so page load have to start over from some 'restart' point. In day of old when virtual memory first came on the market (yeah, I'm that old) this would be called thrashing. This may be a M$ problem too, although if Ff depends on M$ is really should consider bypassing M$ and doing it's own thing, eg., like some e-mail managers, particularly bulk e-mail manager do.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Try loading/viewing up to 20-30 page at a time. Oh, by the way, I undestand Bill Gates once said no one would want more than 640 kb of RAM. Yeah? Rubbish. I don't have the time or money to keep buying more RAM just because M$ can't write efficient programs.
2.
3.
Actual Results:
No special instruction

Expected Results:
Some page seem to go on 'loading' ad-infinitum. Leaving aside that 'little' problem, probably page source trying to see what I'm up to, if M$ is so clumsy that it get tied up in knot while trying to load so many page there really should be a way of 'pausing' page while it concentrate on one, or at the most two pages, much a Free Download Manager doe not try loading umpteen file at one time but merely put them on hold

As it is, when this problem arises I usually halt all page load then view each page separately. It's a bugger, and waste time. While I'm reading one page I should be able to load a second and even a third page.

P.S. I should get a confirmation copy of all these comment in an e-mail.
