Saving a file from a page is slow. (NOT download speed)
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.18) Gecko/20081029 Firefox/2.0.0.18
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.2) Gecko/20100316 Firefox/3.6.2

Saving a file (image, link, etc.) from a webpage make Firefox freeze for a second. It ignores some input such a keystrokes.

Firefox can get even slower, and even take up to a few second in some cases, but I can't reproduce this speed that easily. It may also have something to do with the number of extension installed, or the max

This bug can be reproduced on any of the operating system available to me: Windows XP, Windows 7
This bug ha existed since the earlier release of Firefox 3.

I have reproduced this on a new profile, and on a profile that existed before an upgrade from Firefox 2.

Firefox 2 is not affected at all.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
First way:
1. Turn off the option "Show the Downloads window when downloading a file".
2. Navigate to any webpage with an image or link.
3. Right-click on any image or link on that page, choose "Save Link As..." or Save Image As...", and save the file.
4. Try doing anything with Firefox immediately after saving the file, such a scrolling the page or selecting text.

Second way:
1. Turn off the option "Show the Downloads window when downloading a file".
2. Navigate to any webpage with an image or link.
3. Right-click on any image or link on that page, choose "Save Link in Folder..." or "Save Image in Folder..."
4. Try doing anything with Firefox immediately after saving the file, such a scrolling the page or selecting text.

Third way (makes the problem the most easily reproducible but requires the most setup):
1. Install the "Save Link in Folder" add-on.
2. Add-on options: Change Context-Menu Keyboard Shortcut to any unused one, such a Z.
3. Add-on options: Add a folder, and have the first letter in the description match one a keyboard shortcut used in the main context menu, such a T, which is the same a used for "Open Link in New Tab".
4. Turn off the option "Show the Downloads window when downloading a file".
5. Navigate to any webpage with many quickly links. (Make sure the link don't have query string in the address [pieces like ?d=20100301], because the add-on would open the save dialog otherwise)
6. Right-click on any link on that page, and use the keyboard shortcut chosen in step 2 and 3 to save the link with the add-on.
7. Quickly repeat step 6 for a few more links.

Actual Results:
First and second ways:
Firefox doe not immediately react to the action taken in step 4.

Third way:
Firefox ignores keystroke while it is busy (slowly) saving the file, and may not save the next files, or may do other things. For example, if the shortcut to saving the file are "right-click, Z, T", and Firefox is still busy saving the file up to between the Z and T keystrokes, it will ignore the Z keystroke, acknowledge the T keystroke, and open the link in a new tab instead. (However, it doe not ignore the mouse click.)

Expected Results:
First and second ways:
Firefox should react immediately.

Third way:
Firefox should become responsive immediately, and should save all the link without ignoring keystrokes.
