new httpsession is created when applet do a servlet request every time
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2) Gecko/20100115 Firefox/3.6 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.1; en-GB; rv:1.9.2.2) Gecko/20100316 Firefox/3.6.2

My website using java language, include applet,jsp,struts,servlet,js.etc.
1.When login to website , a httpsession is created ,we call it A, user can do normal operation , the session is keep alive ,the operation include with applet and no applet, they are the normal getting message info(picture,textmessage. etc) process.
2.However, a function with applet support sends a request to a servlet using the urlconnection. The request contain a ArrayList objects. At servlet debugging,I find the httpsession in the request is a new session B. they have different session id .
3.After end the request of 2. return to the main page, still to some normal request like 1, at server site, the httpsession is A and work normally.
4.I try again to do step 2, a new session C will be created.

I do not known, why firefox can create a new httpsession when the applet send the request.

I have no idea about the problem, please lend me a hand to guide a bright way. Thanks very much.




Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
The step should be a demo of the website.
1.Create a simple website with jsp ,java,applet,servlet.
2.Do a simple normal request like getting a "Helloword"text from servelet,write down the httpsession id A.
3.Start a simple applet function and send the request taking with a ArrayList object to a servlet.write down the httpsession id B.
3.Check the sessionid A and B is the same or not
Actual Results:
A and B are different.

Expected Results:
A and B are the same.
During the whole website , the session should be keep no change.

This problem only happens at Windows7 + FireFox3.6 . other window OS and browser are no problem.

Please give me some idea.
1. Whether the problem is caused or effect by Firefox. if yes, what is the reason.

2.Please tell me some idea or solution to fixed or prohibit the problem.

Thanks very much.
