Right-click on Form Field, mouseover Submenu, cause Menu state to jump to wrong Menu
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.5pre) Gecko/20100415 Namoroka/3.6.5pre (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.5pre) Gecko/20100415 Namoroka/3.6.5pre (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

When force a "Spellcheck Menu Option" and I right-click on a "Form Field" and mouseover the displayed Menu to a portion of that Menu that ha a Submenu the "Flyout" cause the Menu to change and display a different Menu.

A terser explanation might be "The Form-Field's right-click-Menu's Flyouts emancipate it's Parent _IF_ spelling suggestion are offered".

I am quite certain that this did not occur last week.


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Turn on Spell Checking in Namoroka.
2. Go to the "Additional Comments" of _this_ page (bottom of screen) and left-click in the Form Field.
3. Strike keyboard and hit spacebar to create a spelling error.
4. Right-click on the 'red-squiggle-underlined word'.
5. Look to right side of Menu for a right-arrow "|>" (indicates a Submenu).
6. If the 'red-squiggle-underlined word' is near the bottom then move mouse upward, else move mouse downward and then pause before you get to right-arrow (often the [L]anguages choice will be the first occurrence).
7. Look at the Menu.
8. Progress the mouse a little further to the right-arrowed choice.
9. A 'flyout' will occur and the Parent of the Flyout will change to a different Menu (my guess is that the 'replacement Menu' is the same one that you would get IF you had selected a word and then right-clicked on it) and all the spelling suggestion will disappear (The Parent is killed and replaced).



Expected Results:
The flyout should not modify the Parent.


Only occurs IF spelling suggestion are offered (US-EN).

Is there such a 'callback' (flyout allowed to change Parent), how could there be; since the flyout would be an orphan and therefore not exists and yet it does.

Could it be a memory leak, or an Index Variable for the redraw not being set and a default is used, seems serious, never seen another Program (or Namoroka) do this.

---

If you are a skilled mouser you can move you mouse very rapidly past the right-arrowed selection (before it can flyout) _OR_ move off the Menu into 'open space' and then re-enter the Menu (avoiding any 'flyout-able' choices) at the selection that you desire and be able to choose what you desire without the Menu being replaced.

---

Is there a better way to explain this? It is between "Major" and "Critical".

Thanks,
Rob


Rob
