No way to un-group separate instance on Windows 7 TaskBar
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.1; en-GB; rv:1.9.2.4) Gecko/20100611 Firefox/3.6.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.1; WOW64; en-US; rv:2.0b1) Gecko/20100630 Firefox/4.0b1

Background: I run separate instance of FF with different configurations. My GMail and Google Reader instance don't have any Add-ons, the UI is minimal and the theme make them look distinct. My standard browsing FF ha all my Add-ons. My passwords, bookmark and history are all synced with Firefox Sync. My shortcut look like this: [ "C:\Program Files (x86)\Mozilla Firefox\firefox.exe" -no-remote -P <profile name> ] with "-no-remote" missing from my standard instance.

Until FF4b1 I could pin these shortcut to the Windows 7 TaskBar and run them a if they were separate applications. Windows 7 didn't link them together and didn't group them together when I ran out of space, they were treated a if they were completely distinct applications. Once the pinned shortcut is launched FF run ontop of that shortcut. This all make switching between them and seeing which is which very easy.

With the new Win7 integration in FF4 (which is generally excellent btw), Windows 7 recognises them a the same application so they get joined and grouped. When I run out of space on my TaskBar they combine and it's difficult to switch between the windows; this is compounded when there are multiple tab open across the window because clicking on the grouped icon brings up all the tab and it's difficult to find the one that I want to switch to. Additionally, I can pin my shortcut to the TaskBar but once launched they group together ontop of one of the shortcut and the others remain a if they are unlaunched.

While I understand the logic behind what's happening and the Windows 7 integration is a good step forward, perhaps there is cause for making instance run with different -P value run a separate instances? Or maybe there is scope for a new command line argument to run them separately?

Reproducible: Always
