Many a time, Firefox continues to display the URL of the previous page on loading a new page
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.8) Gecko/20100722 Firefox/3.6.8
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.8) Gecko/20100722 Firefox/3.6.8

Many a time, Firefox continues to display the URL of the previous page on loading a new page. For example, if the page "http://support.mozilla.com/" is open and a link to another page (maybe a different page on the same site or a different site) on that page is clicked or even if the URL of the new page is entered manually in the address bar, the address in the URL bar remains (or change back to) that of the previous page (in this example "http://support.mozilla.com/"), even when the new page ha been loaded completely. This mean that at such instance Firefox is actually showing the wrong URL for a loaded page, kinda unfair. A workaround is to delete the URL in the address bar, open a new foreground tab (or switch to another one already opened), and then go back to the original tab; this way, the newly loaded URL in that tab would be the correct one. Thus, it would seem like the tab reloads the URL correctly once the URL's been deleted, but it doesn't load the URL first time along with the page loading, at least not always. Thanks.

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open a page (local or on the web).
2. Click a link to another page that would open in the same tab (or select the full URL of the current page in the address bar and paste the URL of the new page, and press Enter or click the Go arrow button).
3. Many times, but not always, the URL of the previous page will stay in the address bar, even though the new page ha fully loaded.
Actual Results:
Not always, but so many time the URL of the previous page wa present in the address bar while the new page had been fully loaded.

Expected Results:
The URL in the address bar should represent the address of the the actual page currently fully loaded, not of a page that had been visited previously.

The bug occurs with the default theme (I've not installed any other theme). And though I've not personally checked, I've found around the internet that many user face the problem in the safe mode a well.
