New memory allocator spends too long doing work
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.1; en-US) AppleWebKit/533.4 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/5.0.375.99 Safari/533.4
Build Identifier:

After the upgrade to Firefox 3.6.10, my web browser doe use le memory *BUT* something much worse happens: after le than half a day of use, it performance becomes very very sluggish with tab'd brosing.

Switching tab can hang the browser for up to 30 second whilst work go on in the background. This really slows down something a simple a copying a web link from one web page to (say) an email that I'm composing using gmail.

Despite the memory footprint savings, I'm going back to 3.6.9 after this email because restarting firefox every 5 hour due to the memory allocator causing sluggishness is a lot worse than every few day due to growth in it memory use.

As an example of this sluggishness, clicking on a link in picasaweb result in a 15 second pause during which I can do nothing with firefox except stare at it, waiting for it to start rendering the new picasaweb page. If I switch back to gmail, another 15 to 20 second wait before I can click on "Inbox".

In the release note for 3.6.10, I see this:

* Memory usage: Several new technology work together to reduce the amount
of memory used by Firefox 3 over a web browsing session. Memory cycle are
broken and collected by an automated cycle collector, a new memory allocator
reduces fragmentation, hundred of leak have been fixed, and caching
strategy have been tuned.

what kind of sick joke is that?

I don't want to spend half the day waiting for firefox to hang up whilst it doe garbage collection.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Start using firefox.
2. Open up a few tabs, one or two for facebook, one for gmail.
3. Sit back, use firefox and just wait for the amount of memory to be recycled to start consuming significant amount of cpu time.
Actual Results:
web page go from being instantaneous responds to feeling like it take half a minute or more for anything to happen.

Expected Results:
What I expected wa the same responsiveness, over time, a I had with 3.6.9.
