Received Firefox update notification tonight, installed it and now no addons work
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.4; en-US; rv:1.9.2.11) Gecko/20101012 Firefox/3.6.11 Ubiquity/0.1.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.4; en-US; rv:1.9.2.11) Gecko/20101012 Firefox/3.6.11 Ubiquity/0.1.4

The latest Firefox update wa pushed out to me tonight (Oct. 19) and I installed it.
When Firefox restarted I thought it wa odd that it didn't show the window where it examines all the installed addons and determines whether they're compatible. It skipped that step and went directly to the Firefox start page.
When the page opened I saw that none of the icon for my installed addons were showing in the toolbars to which they were assigned. I have weather extensions, Google Toolbar for Firefox, Morning Coffee, Update Notifier, Tab Mix Plus, MR Tech Toolkit and Yahoo Mail Notifier and many others that are stationed in the Navigation Bar, Status Bar or Google Toolbar. All of their icon have disappeared and the Google Toolbar is missing.
I opened the Addons window through the Tools menu and all the addons appear to be there, but clicking on their preference button doe nothing, and neither doe clicking on their disable/uninstall buttons. In some cases, the Preferences button ha disappeared. It's a if the addons are frozen and just don't work. I rebooted my iMac and have repaired permissions, to no avail.
I moved the Firefox application to the Trash and downgraded to 3.6.10, but nothing changed. I tried upgrading again to 3.6.11 and there's still no change.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Install latest version of Firefox.
2. Open the application.
3.
Actual Results:
No addon icon are visible when page opens.

Expected Results:
All of the addons I have assigned to the Navigation Bar, Status Bar and Google Toolbar should be visible for use.

This issue occurs with the default Firefox theme and with a Persona installed. My Bookmarks appear to be intact.
