Ever since I upgraded my Fire Fox, I cannot load any POGO games.
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.6; en-US; rv:1.9.2.11) Gecko/20101012 Firefox/3.6.11
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.6; en-US; rv:1.9.2.11) Gecko/20101012 Firefox/3.6.11

I have cleared cache, downloaded a new copy of Firefox and still can't play POGO. Other site seem just fine. Safari play POGO fine. It didn't occur until I updated to the latest Firfox. Thanks!!

Here is the error message from POGO.com...

The Applet Encountered a Programming Error (Cripes!)

Explanation:
This error usually indicates one of the following; the applet ha been corrupted in your cache, there's a bug in your browser or there's a bug in our applet.

How to Fix the Problem:
The most common cause of this error occurs when your copy of the applet is corrupted. So the first thing you should do is clear your browser's cache and see if this fix the problem.

1. Pull down the Tools menu and choose "Options..."
2. When that dialog box opens, select the "Privacy" panel.
3. Now, find the "Cache" entry on the right and click the "Clear" button next to it.
4. Click OK to close the Options dialog box.
5. Exit and relaunch Firefox.

After clearing your cache, you need to quit and restart your browser. If you don't quit the browser, your cache will not be completely cleared out.

If this doesn't seem to solve your problem, try rebooting your computer.

If this doe not fix the problem, you may have a caching proxy server between you and our web server. To see if this is the case, check the proxy setting for your browser. If there is a proxy server set, try turning it off. Then clear your cache again a described above, and quit and restart your browser to see if it fix the problem.

If this doe not fix the problem, your browser may not be installed properly. Try re-installing your browser.

You can also try doing what's known a a "Super-Reload". Shift-click the Reload button (option-click on the Mac). This may help fix the problem.

If these solution still don't fix your problem, then you have probably encountered a bug in our applet or in the browser you are using. There is a good chance that upgrading your browser will fix the error. If that doe not solve the issue, then it is probably a bug in our applet. Please let u know by going to Pogo Help.


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.GO to Pogo.com and try to play any game
2.
3.
Actual Results:
Error message 'The Applet encountered a Programming Error

Expected Results:
Game should load

Thanks
