Antbar insert a second general user agent extra line in the pref.js and a second line in general prefs a seen in about:config
User-Agent: Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 6.0; Windows NT 5.0; .NET CLR 1.1.4322; .NET CLR 2.0.50727)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.9.2.12) Gecko/20101026 Firefox/3.6.12 Firefox/3.6.12

Searching the db for firefox and mozilla I have found several proposed solutions, including modification of the general line in the config file, a well a the prefs.js file for this account/profile; also searched for a user.js file which can interfere, but did not locate such a file on this PC.
The only way to avoid having this line overwriten again and again,
"user_pref("general.useragent.extra.anttoolbar", "Firefox/3.6.12");"
is to wait until Firefox ha opened and then edit the config file line; each time I open Firefox (unless I run Firefox, now version 3.6.12, in safe mode)
the line is rewritten a
user_pref("general.useragent.extra.anttoolbar", "Antbar/2.0.1"); Reopening without revising that line lead to slow, very slow opening instead of the normal rapid opening characteristic of Firefox.



Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. check about:config and "user_pref("general.useragent.extra.anttoolbar", "Antbar/2.0.1");displays again, rewriting or overwriting the preference despite the correction done per the article and page I've found
2. manually edit the second general.useragent.extra.anttoolbar line to Firefox/3.6.12 and work from there
3. Close Firefox, confirm is it closed via Process Explorer, and when it is confirmed closed, go to "prefs.js" and edit the line a per the Firefox Mozilla article re correcting "prefs.js" back to unhijacked version.
Actual Results:
Despite performing all of the corrective strategy suggested via editing the "config" a well a the "prefs.js" once Firefox is closed, Ant.com and Anttoolbar somehows insert a second "general.useragent.extra.*, Antbar/2.0.1" line in both the config file and the prefs.js file.
Somewhere from some source unidentified Antttoolbar injects a second, apparently conflicting or confusing "extraagent" line causing the Firefox browser to open more slowly due to the conflict.

Expected Results:
Nothing.
The reinsertion/overwriten of the second extragent line for anttoolbar should be able to be written out or off; there should be a way of deleting the second anttoolbar line from the config file or a way to locate the source of the anttoolbar extraagent injection/insertiong so that it can be eliminated.
If there are other resource I haven't located or don't know about will someone please point me toward them?
The inadequate and contra-logical solution of course isn't a solution, but to disable the anttoolbar but that loses the functionality of dld and playing flash video in the direct, straightforward manner which the anttoolbar provides.

I believe Firefox, indeed the Mozilla design should either protect the compiled preference more strongly, or find a way to permit deletion of line from the config file -- modifying and resetting doesnt have the desired effect?

Is there a way to delete line from the config file or a way of prohibiting addons from doing such an action?
