Remove redundant install delay (undo fix for Bug 162020)
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 5.1; rv:2.0b7) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0b7
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 5.1; rv:2.0b7) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0b7

The install delay wa implemented in order to avoid a user accidentally clicking on the install button unknowingly while following an unscrupulous web designer's instructions. This delay is unnecessary with the advent of the two-click solution we use today.

On any site other than http://addons.mozilla.org, or a site the user specifically allows, a warning is issued when a site try to install an extension. This warning is at a completely different place on the screen than where the install box pop up, and it is very unlikely for any user to accidentally click both spot in succession. And, on the Mozilla Add-ons website, the exploit is impossible without the site being hacked, a submitter and commenters have no way of controlling the position of item on the screen. However, I would not object to the warning becoming universal.

It wa pointed out in Bug 162020 that a two-click solution wa sufficient. It is also what all competing web browser use, including those like Google Chrome that have just a high a security rating. Plus, a the number of people who download extension to get around it prove, it is considered very annoying to a large base of users. The javascript engine included in all version of Firefox is more risky that this fix,

The only purpose it serf is to give people a false sense of security. With the advent of Firefox 4 around the corner, it would be nice if we would move with the time and use the more modern, le frustrating solution which ha (mostly) already been implemented, rather than keep a useless security measure for our peace of mind.

Thank you.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Try to install an extension.
2. Get a warning, click allow
3. Still have to wait 3 or more second to Install.
Actual Results:
See above

Expected Results:
No delay--the two click solution is sufficient.
