Searchbar's "Paste & Search" era non-selected, inconsistent with "Paste" .
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 5.1; rv:2.0b8pre) Gecko/20101203 Firefox/4.0b8pre
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 5.1; rv:2.0b8pre) Gecko/20101203 Firefox/4.0b8pre

The Searchbar's "Paste & Search" feature will erase the non-selected text in the Searchbar but it you used "Paste" (or CTRL-V) the non-selected text would not be erased (which is the correct operation).


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. The "User Situation" one would be in where this might occur is that you had your Searchbar set to use Google, you typed something in and searched; unhappy with the result yet unwilling to loose your finding you open a NEW Tab.
2. In the NEW Tab (click the "Tab" at the bottom and the "Page" itself if you MUST) mouse up to the Searchbar again and click there.
3. The text in the Searchbar is high-lighted; click again (at the end of the text) or hit right-arrow to UN-select the text, then hit the Spacebar.
4. Select a small portion of the Searchbar's text (or ALT-TAB to a text document and copy (CTRL-C) a SHORT text string into the Clipboard).
5. This is where the BUG is:

5a. Use CTRL-V to "Paste" the text from the Clipboard into the Searchbar. Since the text in the Searchbar is un-selected you can add additional word from different document in PREPARATION of narrowing your search. When you have enough word accumulation simply click the magnifier and "Google" (or other search tool) will load into the previously blank Page.

5b. You don't need yet another Tab but you could open one more first if you wish. Move the mouse over the Searchbar and use the left mouse button to UN-select the text (click at the END of it). Now use the right mouse button to choose "Paste & Search". Notice the BUG.

Actual Results:
The "Paste & Search" act like it is:

1. CTRL-A .
2. CTRL-V .
3. CTRL-M .


Expected Results:
The "Paste & Search" should ONLY be:

1. CTRL-V .
2. CTRL-M .


I search before I posted and found this un-related Bug 597237 .
