Firefox disallows transfer to new page
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.9.2.13) Gecko/20101203 Firefox/3.6.13
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.9.2.13) Gecko/20101203 Firefox/3.6.13

I use my local Council website to renew and reserve library books. Today, when I turned on my browser, Firefox updated to it latest version and the following problem appeard: I got onto the Medway council website with no trouble and logged into the Library system, Spydus. I asked it to find me book by a particular author.
I got a message at the top of the page saying that "Firefox prevents automatically transferring to another page ... Allow?" Once I clicked 'Allow', it threw me back onto the previous page and every time I tried to use the catalogue, I got the same message and, every time I clicked the 'Allow' button, I got thrown back to the previous page.
Now, it is not that either the Medway Council's website, nor the Spydus system are particularly dubious sites, and the only difference between when I last used the library catalogue and today is that firefox had upgraded, which seems to me to be causing the problem

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Go to Medway.gov.uk
Choose "What we do"
Go to Libraries
Look down the page till you come to 'Catalogue'. Click link

2. You should now be in the Spydus system.
Go to the Search link
Choose 'Search by author'
Put in the name of your favourite author

3. This should display book by that person - it doesn't
Actual Results:
A message appears at the top of the page, saying that Firefox had disallowed transfer to a new page.
There is a box next to the message which say 'Allow'. Clicking this box sends me back to the page showing 'Search by author'.

Expected Results:
I tried again. Same thing happened

I should have been sent to the page showing all the book held in the Library system by this particular author.

I haven't tried to navigate through other websites, but I have a horrible feeling that this version of Firefox wouldn't let me do so, anyway.

This could be a major problem if it affect everybody trying to navigate a website, but a Medway's site ha some very old servers, I'm guessing that something in Firefox ha tripped something else in the website which look to Firefox like a non-secure site or even a virus.

Can you help, please - a it is extremely annoying.
