doe not load firefox 4
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 5.1; rv:2.0b7) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0b7
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 5.1; rv:2.0b7) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0b7

everytime i execute program i get an error,and i either start with firefox 3.6 or it installs firefox 4 beta all over again.
it´s annoing,i have to wait everytime i acces the program.
allso,i get error on firefox person alldough they work just fine.
and last but most annoing is the fact that all players,jwplayer,adobe,divx webplayer take a lot of time to charge,and it block firefox rendering it useless for at least 10 minutes...
allso,the 3d graphic crash,and are reverted to classic firefox,at best,the program ha restarted several time and repeat installation process..
hope you can do something about it,i really like firefox,i use it constantly a my main browser,i´d hate to have to use i.e. or anny other program.untill today i found firefox to be the most stabile and reliable browser.
sorry about anny grammar mistakes,i´m livving inn spain for some time now,i´m out off practice:(...
have a nice day

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.acces program
2.repeats installation or start a non3d or version 3.6
3.gives error and crash player alldough they finally work after 5-15minutes
Actual Results:
simply access program adn it start acting crazy

Expected Results:
exactly a described above,reinstalls or start a firefox 3.6
allso with the player it´s a constant bugger,i can´t even watch youtube:|

well,this is a dumb question;))...it should have worked propperly,no errors,no unnecessary reinstalation(atleast not automatic),no fake error on addons and program that work and most important no conflict with web players...
i fully understand it is a beta version,but it is firefox and all version including beta have worked just fine in the past.
oh,and wtf,why doe it show my passwords????i know it should remember them but to show them?i happend twice in the last cuple of hours:|
not to speak about the fact that when it freeze it shutts down,and so causing the loss of the data or page i wa on,and that it literally refuse to load anny page at all untill i restart the pc or shut down firefox from task manager:|
