Google instant AND Win 7 taskbar Tab preview cause random crash while typing search
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; WOW64; rv:2.0b8) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0b8
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; WOW64; rv:2.0b8) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0b8

Browser randomly crash with the following combination:
Google instant turned on.
Win7 taskbar Tab preview option on.

The crash happens while typing in the search text field on a personal Google home page.

The issue ha been isolated by turning off Win7 taskbar preview under tab options, where no crash have been observed over the past week under FF4.0R7.

Under FF4.0R8 the taskbar preview wa again enabled, and wa shortly followed by another crash, so the problem appears to persist on the new version.





Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Use personal Google home page to make web search (ie signed in)
2. Ensure Win7 taskbar Tab preview option turned on
3. Type a search into Google search text field with instant turned on
Actual Results:
Browser session randomly crash while typing search into text field.

All Session data is lost and cannot be restored after crash report and restart.

The crash report seems scant on detail when this occurs.

This crash is reproducible, but random in nature.

Expected Results:
Typing a search into google page should display results.
Crash should not prevent session recovery.

Typing into the URL field on the browser for search appears to work a expected, so my interpretation is that interaction between taskbar preview and Google instant update while typing is overloading the preview cache. Please could someone suggest a more thorough test or debug mode to fully isolate this?

Addons have been ruled out by running a safe mode session, but crash still happens.

Other search engine do not appear to exhibit this problem.

System Spec:
CPU Athlon 3200+ AMD64
Ram 2GB
OS Windows 7 64bit
Default User profile and file location on system drive with plenty of defragmented free space.
