Make running multiple versions/instances of Firefox more friendly/easy
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10.6; rv:2.0b8) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0b8
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10.6; rv:2.0b8) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0b8

Suggestion:

Currently, running multiple versions/instances of Firefox is very inconvenient, particularly on OS X, because you have to remember to use the terminal and get the full path of the Firefox binary and run it with -profilemanager and/or -no-remote, &c. I'm quite familiar with the terminal and this is a hassle even for me. Surely there are many Web developer and potential beta tester who have the same problem every day.


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
As of Firefox 4b8, this is what happens when you try to open a second version/instance of Firefox:

1. The second instance of Firefox detects the first instance.

2. The second instance of Firefox produce an error which reads: 'Close Firefox / A copy of Firefox is already open. Only one copy of Firefox can be open at a time.' (This is demonstrably false error message, since you CAN open two copy at a time — just not from within this message box.)

3. You click OK, and the second instance of Firefox closes.


Expected Results:
What i propose:

1. The second instance of Firefox detects the first instance, and us some method to determine the version of the first instance. (I think there should be separate behaviour for opening another instance of the same version, but that's not what this bug is about.)

2. Having determined that the version are different, the second instance of Firefox produce a window with three options: 'Cancel', 'Restart Firefox with default profile', and 'Restart Firefox with profile manager'.

3a. If 'Cancel' is pressed, the second instance of Firefox terminates.

3b. If 'Restart with default profile' is pressed, the second instance of Firefox is relaunched with the -no-remote flag.

3c. If 'Restart with profile manager' is pressed, the second instance of Firefox is relaunched with the -no-remote and -profilemanager flags.

I have created a mock-up of the suggested message box; i will attach this along with the current message.
