Session Restore miss entire window and/or us old set of window
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.13) Gecko/20101203 Firefox/3.6.13 GTB7.1 ( .NET CLR 3.5.30729; .NET4.0C)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.13) Gecko/20101203 Firefox/3.6.13 GTB7.1 ( .NET CLR 3.5.30729; .NET4.0C)

I had been using Ffx 3.6.6 until a few hour ago, when I upgraded to Ffx 3.6.13. I usually have 3 to 5 window open with anywhere from 5 to 40 tab in each window; I realize this is quite a load, but it never caused this issue until recently. When I want to close FFx, I go to File/Exit so that Session Restore will re-open my same tabs, along with keeping their history. About 2-3 week ago, I noticed that Session Restore did not restore my tab a they were at closing, but rather reverted to the previous Restore data (call it Set A, multiple windows). Sessionstore.js wa showing an updated "modified" date/time, so it appeared to be updating, but it wa not. Then last week, I had a hard time shutting down and upon restarting my pc, I got three error code which I let open informational tab in FFx (set B, single window). After that point, every restore seem to "nest" the previous restore under it -- e.g. the window that opened with that informational tab also had an "Oops we can't load" tab with the previous restore data I'd been getting for over a week. Then when I had one more FFx crash, the Session Restore opened a window with an "Oops" tab and only some of the informational tab (set C, single window) - that "oops" tab showed me the tab of Set B, including that window's Oops tab; I wa able to restore B from inside C, and then I could restore A from inside B...so it took 3 restores to get to my three-week old tabs!

Earlier today, I upgraded from 3.6.6 to 3.6.13, and I wa able to get those same tab from multiple restores on the first load of 3.6.13. In trying to see if sessionstore.js had uncorrupted, I closed FFx once more. This time, only the "Firefox Updated" tab came up on the Oops page -- argh! Fortunately I did a tab folder about a week ago for the windows, so I opened those tab set into separate 4 windows, just having to forgo history and anything I'd opened/surfed to in the past week. To test again, I waited about 10 minute after every tab had loaded, then closed out Ffx. When I launched FFx this time, I got an Oops page that only showed 2 of the 4 windows, and listed a 3rd window with just one tab of my Home page (as it loaded when I opened that window before going to Favorites and asking it to load a folder). Are all of these problem from the same cause???

I have also noticed that when I close FFx, although the window themselves close quickly, it often take 30+ second for firefox.exe to disappear from Task Manager. Is this related to having so many tab open? And would this delayed close of .exe be causing the issue of Set A not updating for so many days?

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Launch several window of Ffx, each with more than 5 tab
2. Close Ffx (File/Exit)
3. Re-launch Ffx
Actual Results:
The "Oops" page doe not show the most recent tab sets, but rather a much older set of tab that ha since been altered.

Expected Results:
The "Oops" tab wold show the most recent tab open before Ffx wa properly closed...or all the tab would just open.

I'm calling Severity=Medium instead of Normal because Session Restore is a major feature of Ffx.
