Mozilla Firefox 4.0 would not accept feedback, even though I have downloaded and run that application
User-Agent: Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 8.0; Windows NT 5.1; Trident/4.0; .NET CLR 1.1.4322; MS-RTC LM 8; msn OptimizedIE8;ENUS)
Build Identifier: Mozilla Firefox 4.0 Beta 11

I downloaded the new Firefox Beta version a few day ago. I attempted to give feedback today but, instead, received this message: "Oh! So, you want to offer u feedback on the next version of Firefox. Thank you, but you'll need to be on our latest beta. To do that, simply go to our download page and install/update to the latest Firefox Beta!"
This screen gave me no way to directly reply to that message - so yesterday I sent my information on the only thing available - a violation report. Today I received a reply telling me to report it here.
Apparently, your system doe not know that I downloaded Beta, even though everything on my computer reference the new version. Second, I wa trying to report some disturbing anomalies. First, it is taking much longer than before to open page - and (unlike window 'preogress' bars) there is no way to see or gauge how long it is taking, nor how far along it is. Second, without my direction, it sent a message (that I wa in the midst of composing) into my hotmail draft folder. When I went to that folder, and attempted to send it, it sent the message to my deleted folder instead. Clearly there are some kink that need to be worked out.
Sorry if I cannot use more technical terminology; I am just knowlegeable in that arena, though am certainly able to recognize when something is not working properly. Clearly, message should be sent nowhere without intervention from the user. Also, 'send' shopuld not be translated to mean 'delete.' Finally, is there something inherent in this new Beta version that would cause it to be much slower that the previous version which my download overwrote?

Reproducible: Didn't try




Sorry. As indicated above, I am not sufficiently trained or kcomputer savvy to be able to converse in technical jargon, nor (in most cases) to decipher your jargon. I am merely trying to help, by supplying the feedback you requested.
