File overwrite
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.15) Gecko/20110303 Firefox/3.6.15
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.15) Gecko/20110303 Firefox/3.6.15

I wanted to be able to run and test firefox 4 beta. I downloaded and installed it and it ha a lot of new feature that I like and some that I do not. I wanted to be able to test 4.0 before I uninstalled 3.6 so I installed 4.0 to a different directory. After running 4.0 for a few minute I found that although there were no error per say running it on this dinosaur of a computer (Pentium II, 348mhz, with 384mb ram) it could not be used for any serious browsing because a I typed in web page form box it would type about 1 letter every 5-10 second while I'm typing at about 35wpm. Anyway while posting a :( comment I went too open the old version (3.6) something and it just opened another instance of 4.0.... So here's my issue. Evin when I install 3.6 and 4.0 in different folder I cannot open 4.0 and 3.6 at the same time or for that matter just open 3.6 then close it and open 4.0 without a reinstall each time....

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Install firefox 3.6 in c:\programfiles\firefox\
2. Install firefox 4.0 in c:\programfiles\firefox 4 beta\
3. Try to run firefox 3.6
4. Install firfox 3.6 in c:\programfiles\firefox\
5. Try to run firefox 4.0 from it's home directory
(I did leave the check mark in the box that said "Make FireFox your primary browser" and actually a the install directory for the beta and non-beta version are the same i used the default directory for the installs. I don't believe that changing any of the standard setting would produce different result though...)
Actual Results:
the install of one version of firefox overwrites the install of another evin when told not to by installing to a separate directory....

Expected Results:
When a program is installed to a directory I expect it to run from that directory not from the directory of it predecessor's directory. Also I expect it to leave also file that are not in the directory that it is installed in. So when I install firefox 4.0 beta to \firfox 4.0 beta\ and firefox 3.6 to \firefox\ there's no reason to expect that when you click on the firefox.exe file in one directory your going to get the firefox last installed running instead of the vertion you opened. hopefully this make sense it 2:30am here...

I think I've said it all a dozzen different way in the box above but here is a quick summery.

firefox 4.0 beta run very very very sluggishly on my Pentium II with window xp. but offer feature that 3.6 doe not. To be honest I'm amazed that window xp pro run on this system and run well. I guess it just go to show that Microsoft isn't a total mess, the fact that xp can run both on this stone-age peace of junk and my good gaming pc. My overpowered gaming pc blew up a few week ago. I'm guessing the sluggishness is being caused by loading module for graphic cards, audio cards, and possibly Ethernet processor that this computer doe not have and perhaps some gui feature that this computer is capable of generating but not well...

firefox 3.6 run well on this ancient machine but doesn't offer some of the feature that 4.0 does.

When I install both in separate directory only the last version installed runs. I would like to follow the change for the beta but cannot use it for serious browsing because it is too sluggish.

Side note: I know this should be a separate ticket but window ha a compatibility mode which allows it to run program designed for older version of itself a if the program were running on the older version. Have you ever considered adding a feature to 4.0 which will make it run like 3.6 for compatibility....

after reading the paragraph below i should mention that both installs were fresh downloads with no addons/skinns/theams...
