On Some Updates Response Time is Noticeably Slower
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.16) Gecko/20110319 Firefox/3.6.16 ( .NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Firefox 3.1.16

Occasionally a new update will cause browsing to be appreciably slower. This version seems to be worse than previous one -- enough such that I want to report it, even though reporting take a long time due to the response slow-down.

Examples:
1. When filling in a form on certain [previously problem-free sites] I can type in all the field plus the message before anything start to fill on the screen. Once the buffer is reasonably full, I wait for the information to fill in on the screen so I can see it. This can take anywhere from 3 to 7 minute to happen. Most recent site of note where the problem is severe: drphil.com

2. 'loading' can take up to 2 minutes, whereas in the previous version is wa usually 10 to 20 seconds.

3. I have an older machine, but this doe not mean that the problem is then all mine. Many people, such a myself, are on fixed income and cannot always go out and buy the most up-to-date machine, much a we would love to.

4. My memory is maxed out. I would dearly love to get a newer, faster, PC, but am not in a financial situation to be able to. Should I be penalized for this by having browsing experience become slower and slower?

5. Most site will have a 'remember me' function. This doe not always work. One site consistently doe not remember [have submitted error report to that site]. My bank site claim I do not have 'cookies' enabled, when I clearly do, and no other site claim this problem. [I've also reported this error to that site.]

6. Testing doesn't seem to be complete on older machines. This should be a given.

7. Option should be provided to revert back to previous version if it wa working better than 'new' version. [Note: not everyone want all the fancy bell and whistle of upgrades; some people want simple, functional version that just do what they're supposed to.]

Maggie
North Vancouver, BC
Canada

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Install new version on 2004 HP Pavilion with Windows XP
2. Find a site with a fill-in form, such a this form
3. Try different method of scrolling and note response time
4. Tab from field to field, filling in information, and note when it appears on screen.
Actual Results:
Very slow response time. I can waste up to 15 minute just waiting to advance to the next field.

This doe not happen with every new version of Firefox. Just the one I installed today.

Expected Results:
Data should appear on the screen in real time, a I type [approximately 60-90 wpm]

I would be willing to test beta version of Firefox to determine response time slow-downs, if this would be of any use. I don't use a theme: take up too much real estate & memory.
