No scrolling mousewheel and tab wont react on clicking in FF4
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; WOW64; rv:2.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; WOW64; rv:2.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0

When i have loaded FF4 with some tab on my Windows 7, and close the screen down for sleep mode. It's on my laptop.

When i reopened it to work further, i want continue with surfing, but the mousewheel wont react, thus no scrolling page. I can only scroll with scrollbar on left with mouse drag.
The tab are also not reacting on left click. I cannot go to another tab to see the pages. The leftclick text selection works, and rightmouse menu pop up, also in the tabs.

After restarting FF4, everything work normally. With previous FF3.6, this problem is never happens, but with FF4, it happens once time already.

Reproducible: Couldn't Reproduce

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Start FF4 with some tab open, normal surfing.
2. Close down the screen for sleep mode laptop
3. After some time, reopen screen and continue with surfing. Try move to tab and scroll pages.
Actual Results:
If the bug happens, you cannot go to another tab with left click, and scrolling with mousewheel or touchpad scroll wont work. It look the browser is blocked, but it's still running half good.

Expected Results:
Without bug, you should normally scroll all page with scrollwheel and clicking on tab should not have problems.

The laptop used is HP TX-2550ED. Installed with W7 64bits. Runs fine and stable.
With FF3.6 i have not seen problem with tab and scroll, but with FF4, it happens today already with no reaction on scrollwheel and clicking on tabs.

Perhaps there is some loss on focus inside FF4, after recovering from sleepmode laptop. I continue with FF4 and sleepmodes, so i can perhaps reproduce it again.
No critical bug, because i can still restart FF4 to recover it. But it's clearly navigation error in FF4 and might happens by some user with laptop.

Thema is pretty normal, it's only installation/upgrade over old 3.6.
