Selective/inconsistent inability to accept addition of new Bookmarks into existing folders.
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 5.1; rv:2.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0
Build Identifier: Firefox/4.0

After downloading and installing new version of Firefox (i.e., Firefox 4) on Saturday, March 26, I observed that multiple attempt to add a website to my Bookmarks list failed. This was, however, selective with respect to both website which would or wouldn't register, and with respect to Folders to which they might be assigned.

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Go to website of interest.
2. Invoke standard procedure to Bookmark that page to an existing Folder.
3. Open Bookmarks, navigate to appropriate Folder to check whether that site ha been successfully added to that Folder and finding no addition of that site to the list of Bookmarked site within it.
Actual Results:
See previous explanation; in short, the website which I wa attempting to Bookmark wa NOT added to the list.

Expected Results:
What should have happened is what always occurred before; i.e., the Folder to which I wa attempting to add a new website Bookmark would be expanded by that addition.

Whether there is any connection I'm not sure, but I have noticed one other frustrating problem with this new version of Firefox. This relates to how my previous and extant homepage selection appears. Within my computer Control Panel, Internet Options, I have long had http://www.google.com a my selected homepage. With a properly functioning browser, when you go to this site, you should see the standard Google interface. This includes not merely the iconic Google name/logo and empty field for search-term entry, but also a range of surrounding link such as, Images, Video, Maps, News, Shopping, Gmail, More (with a dropdown menu), and also link to Advertising Programs, Business Solutions, About Google, Privacy, etc. After downloading Firefox 4, when I click on the "Home" icon, I am taken to a Google page, but it is drastically stripped down to nothing but a large Firefox icon/graphic, the Google name, and the search field. Further when I went back to my Control Panel/Internet Options, and re-selected http://www.google.com a my homepage, rather than re-instituting the full Google homepage, it maintains this stripped down interface. I then had to manually go to the full Google homepage, and add it a a Bookmark to one of my Bookmark folders; i.e., "Frequent". This bookmark update wa accepted by Bookmarks. But I am definitely not happy that the Firefox "Home" icon button is not allowing me to link to the full Google homepage.
