Firefox close successfully after launching & closing multiple instance of plugin-container.exe
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 5.1; rv:2.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 5.1; rv:2.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0

Not being on the development team, I have to assume that plugin-container.exe get launched any time you visit a web page that requires the use of a plugin. Flash & Java are pretty popular but there's others. In my case, I think Flash is what I encounter most often. It's pretty hard to avoid page with Flash, isn't it? So once I've caused a plugin to be used, it seems that when I close my last browser window & Firefox is doing termination cleanup, I'm seeing plugin-container.exe instance proliferating in the Windows Task Manager. I think I've seen a many a 8 or more executing simultaneously. And then after a few seconds, they do all close & Firefox completes a normal shutdown. What twigged me to something being a bit strange wa I wa hearing my system sound for program launch & program termination playing in a long continuous chain. Since I had only closed one application (Firefox), I wa not expecting to find any application opening, and I wa expecting only the one application to close. So hearing all this activity of program opening & closing all over the place prompted me to observe activity in the Task Manager, & that's when I observed what wa going on.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open Firefox.
2. Visit any web page that need a plugin.
3. Close Firefox.
4. Watch the show in the Windows Task Manager.
Actual Results:
Firefox close but it take a circuitous route to get there, launching & closing many instance of plugin-container.exe before finally cleaning up & shutting down.

Expected Results:
Just close the one instance of plugin-container.exe that had been in use, don't open any additional instance of plugin-container.exe, and then close Firefox.

I'm not sure exactly how much of my configuration get automatically prepended to the bug report so:

Windows XPPro, SP3+all current update served automatically by Microsoft
Pentium 4 2GHz
1G RAM
Firefox is the 4.0 that I got auto-prompted to install last week.

Not sure anything else about my system is really relevant, like hard drives, video card, network connection, etc. Although I can provide that if somebody think it's relevant.
