uploading the same file to different site requires too many step NOW & directional search arrow lock
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 5.1; rv:2.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 5.1; rv:2.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0



I wa getting irritated about uploading file to various site using Firefox 4.0


To upload the same file to different site the following annoyance occurred

Ok I would have to search and find the file for the first site
With Firefox 3.6 (and I just confirmed with both IE and Safari 05) I didn't have to search for it (I would simply click browse on the 2nd, 3rd, 4th site etc and there it would be to insert)

Also with Firefox 4.0 once I had found the location of the file, if I used the directional arrow to find the specific file they would lock and skip through the file at a high rate of speed. No so for IE, Safari 05 and Firefox 3.6 (just confirmed it).

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Attempt to upload a file from My Documents, Desktop or My Computer and one ha to go through the whole search to find the file for the first site and the same for all other site that file would be uploaded to simultaeously. This wa not the case for Firefox 3.6, IE or Safari 05 for windows.
2. Once one ha located the file's site or general location, then attempting to find the specific file via the directional arrow would cause the arrow to lock and move through all of the file fast and uncontrollably until left clicked and held cursor wa lifted. Clicking on open space of the screen where the file were placed would alleviated BUT attempting to use the directional arrow again would reproduce the annoyance. This occurred in both direction whether searching for the file in either either the left or right direction.
3.
Actual Results:
Open the site on different tab where the file is to be uploaded. Go to first upload site and browse for file location. Usually this take a lot of clicks. Now with Firefox 3.6 or IE or Safari 05 for window when one go to the second site and click browse the exact site of the file with the file sitting on it appears.
This would also occur for 3rd site to upload to, the 4th site, 5th, 6th etc. Once at the site on which the file resides (the list of file in which the file resides is before one's eyes) attempting to access the file itself result in the directional arrow locking (in both direction whether moving through the file either left or right)and moving rapidly until one move the cursor from the directional arrow. Clicking a blank space between the row of file will stop it for one fast click but holding down a directional arrow with the cursor reinstitutes the rapid uncontrolled flicking through the row of files.

IMPORTANT - The performance of the slider bar if used to search for the file is not affected, it performs a it always did and should have performed. SO IT'S NOT AT ISSUE ! ! !


Expected Results:
You had it exactly correct or perfect on Firefox 3.6 Go try it for yourself.

One could go to site one & click browse for the file, then click through several step to find it and then open it on the site. Then to open the same file for site two one would click browse and it would simply appear on a popup screen for one to open onto site two. And so on and so on for site three, four, five etc.

When searching for the specific file once one had arrived at the list in which it resided (for ex. My documents, downloads), one would simply use the directional arrow to find it (or perhaps the slider bar).


Play around you'll readily see what I'm talking about. I'm sure other folk have reported it also. The hardest to do in these situation is to know what to call it. I still don't know what to call it. I only know how to describe it.

With your folk expertise I'm sure they'll get it. With the amount of work you must have done with 4.0 it's probably just

about:buildconfig

about:buildconfig
Source

Built from http://hg.mozilla.org/releases/mozilla-2.0/rev/6be9e31d01b4
Build platform
target
i686-pc-mingw32
Build tool
Compiler Version Compiler flag
d;D:\mozilla-build\msys\mozilla-build\python25\python2.5.exe -O e;D:\mozilla-build\msys\builds\moz2_slave\rel-2.0-w32-bld\build\build\cl.py cl 14.00.50727.762 -TC -nologo -W3 -Gy -Fdgenerated.pdb -DNDEBUG -DTRIMMED -Zi -Zi -UDEBUG -DNDEBUG -GL -wd4624 -wd4952 -O1
d;D:\mozilla-build\msys\mozilla-build\python25\python2.5.exe -O e;D:\mozilla-build\msys\builds\moz2_slave\rel-2.0-w32-bld\build\build\cl.py cl 14.00.50727.762 -GR- -TP -nologo -Zc:wchar_t- -W3 -Gy -Fdgenerated.pdb -wd4800 -DNDEBUG -DTRIMMED -Zi -Zi -UDEBUG -DNDEBUG -GL -wd4624 -wd4952 -O1
Configure argument

--enable-application=browser --enable-update-channel=release --enable-update-packaging --enable-jemalloc --enable-tests --enable-official-branding
