Recently closed tab and window are never deleted when history is deleleted
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.0; rv:2.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.0; rv:2.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0

This bug only seems to occur once the session get a little older. About a week is enough for the bug to trigger.

You can only see that it triggered when you finally notice that the list of Recently closed tab and window cannot be cleared anymore using the "remove all history" pannel (CTRL+SHIFT+SUPPR), even with all option selected.

The only way I found to wipe these two list is to delete the entire session.

Expected behaviour: The user ha a session opened with many tab and Panorama tab groups. He is privacy concious though, and he frequently deletes his track using CTRL+SHIFT+SUPPR. This includes all history and previous navigation, however he did kept all these tab opens, which mean he doe not want them deleted; He want their URLs to keep being stored in sessionstore.js along with their order, the tab group they belong to a well a their window.
By keeping these tab open while clearing all history, he expects ALL data to be erased, of any kind, except what is stated above.


Recently closed tab and windows, also stored within sessionstore.js, stop being erased after the bug occur and until the session is just wiped entirely.


(Eventual bug that is unrelated: Panorama's cache can't seem to be cleared with regular cache (?) )


Finally, I don't know what trigger this bug.
For information, I have cache and history disabled and only rely on the "recently closed ___" list to get back to lost tabs. I set it so that 30+ tab are remembered (default is 10) and 6 window (default is 3).

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Keep using the same session for a week or so
2. Close firefox and your computer every day
3. Notice how at some point, recently closed tab and window stop being deleted with other private data
Actual Results:
Stuck with a large list of recently close item

Expected Results:
I clear my private data, they should vanish with everything else but my CURRENTLY opened tab and window and their organization in Panorama (only the URLs are stored, previous page/next page/cache/anything related to them should vanish)

I'm using the default theme, and AdBlockPlus, NoScript and CookieMonster a addons.

A couple more addons are installed but disabled. Plugins are the bare minimum, nothing fancy.
