Two of three vertically stacked drop-downs at center screen do not initiate events.
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 5.1; rv:2.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 5.1; rv:2.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0

After logging into Accounts page, I will have three drop-downs in the top half of the screen, one for each account (two trading, one banking): The three drop-downs are each stacked vertically and grouped closely; one trading account drop-down at top, another at center, then banking at the bottom.

That physical arrangement seems to matter.

The two top pull-downs, having 10 choice each, work only in the sense that I can scroll through their list and select an item. Nothing happens upon selection -- with either mouse or keyboard.

The bottom pull-down, for banking, ha fewer choice but works.

On the bottom half of that page there are drop-downs related to bank transfers. They all seem to work but I don't want to test them to their end for obvious reasons.

Other pull-downs on other page work. At least I haven't found any that don't. But that's not an exhaustive search.

This is repeatable without exception. Running in Safe Mode make no difference.



Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. I think my detail cover it pretty well.
2.
3.
Actual Results:
Ditto above.

Expected Results:
The expected result are that the screen should move to another page of the site based on the selection. Given that I watch the LAN status window, nothing is transmitted out so Firefox isn't recognizing any event during drop-down selection.

With the exception of having very few add-ons, I'm using FF a it came out of the box. I'll repeat that I've tested in Safe Mode and it make no difference.

I've had lot of problem with older version of FF, and all seem to be related to cache and history. That's one of the reason I have a flush-cache button added to the tool bar. There still seems to be cache problems, a it tends to confuse FF about where it’s been and where it should be going.

I'm marking Severity a Major, below, because I'm a stock trader and these issue with navigating my brokerage account, and having to occasionally flush cache to get out of a locked situation ha at time cost me quite a bit of money.
