Does not scroll down to the correct div/object "http://www.ADRESS.COM/#IdOfObject"
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; rv:2.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; rv:2.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0

For example if I got a lot of text on a website I may place the text into different section inside different div tags, which I give ids.

Then you should be able to make the browser automatically scroll down to this id once placed in the url like this:

http://www.ADRESS.COM/#IdOfObject

It doe work if I am on the page and click in the url adress then enter. "reloads the page" then it scroll down to the correct section (div/image id)

I have only tested this on x86 Win 7 system using Firefox 4.

It doe not only occur when I open it in a new tab, it also occurs if I manually enter the URL, same thing there... page load but it doe not scroll down unless I reload again.

I tried my best to chose a fitting "section" for this report. Hope you awesome people can fix it load of respect <3

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Explained quite well in the details, sorry did not read this before I wrote.
2.
3.
Actual Results:
Explained quite well in the details, sorry did not read this before I wrote.

Expected Results:
Explained quite well in the details, sorry did not read this before I wrote,
It should have scrolled down to the correct section of the web page.

If your Swedish you could try it here: http://vattenlandet.se/
I guess you could else too but knowing the Swedish language make it easier cause this site is in Swedish.

Anyway if you scroll down to the lower part of the site and click the house icon for example, then that take you to a new page and you start at the top a any normal site, except this url should have brought you to the part about house where you can live while your at this water park.

If you now just give the url bar focus and click enter it will scroll you down.
Also if you copy the url adress that you got after clicking the link and enter the site by manually typing it into the url adress and then click manually (while being on another or an empty page) it will again bring you to the page but not scroll you down.

I am using the original theme and none plugins except some very common a Java...
