continual HDD activity, (flash related?)
User-Agent: Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 6.0; Windows NT 5.1; SV1; .NET CLR 1.1.4322; FDM; .NET4.0C; .NET4.0E)
Build Identifier: 3.6.3, 3.6.13

i have used Fire fox 3.6.3 on this computer (EEE laptop) for a while without any issue, then after getting it back from warranty i had to reinstall everything. this time the hdd LED wa absent so i did not find out what firefox wa doing undercover until i replaced it much later on (recently), i just saw the performance drop and thought it wa the new hardware. i have even tried safe mode and it still doe it. i am using process explorer and OpenedFilesView, but these are not telling me which file is getting all the attention.
if i am able to supply a screenshot, Process explorer show that the I/O write byte is (MB): 93MB, and read byte (MB): 63MB (and counting). the largest file handle open is urlclassifier3 but this file is only 39.9MB so this doe not match. there is no internet activity during file activities. EVENTUALLY it doe stop but on a flash drive this is going to degrade my computer fast.

i have tried two version of firefox, and updated flash to the latest version which i thought wa triggering it. (even with site with simple flash program that animated only a button)

the bug is writing to the drive in bursts, it transferrs maybe 13MB in a single second and the drive is continually working to write it, then later on it add some more, maybe 2mb (i see this using process explorer), and the light doesnt go out untill the bug is done. suspending the process in process explorer doe not allow immediate relief a the buffer is still writing. due to the drive activity window is sluggish.

this may be a hard one to reproduce (considering that this might have been the third reinstall) so i cant give steps, but i would like it fixed a i created a backup of my reinstall after installing all my software so i didnt have to reinstall the software again - i believe the backup also contains the bug.

Reproducible: Always
