The Update procedure is a headache; restarts the browser without warning, potentially resulting in data loss.
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; rv:2.0.1) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; rv:2.0.1) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0.1

Before version 4, the update process used to warn me that a restart of the browser is necessary to apply the update and provide me option to restart just then or later. Today, I got prompted to update to version 4.0.1 from version 4. I started the update from Help menu>About. There are three thing I'd complain about:

1. The size of the update (the data being downloaded for updating) is bigger than the size of the full installer! What's the use of such an update? An update mean only those component be downloaded which have been changed; they must be compressed in such a way that their download size is le than the full installer. Otherwise the in-application update is a joke; it's better to download the full installer and overwrite the existing installation.

2. After downloading the update, the About box present me with a button with the caption "Apply Updates"; there's no mention of a browser restart. I wa at that time downloading a file and the download wa non-resumable. On seeing no warning, I thought the update in this version probably do not require a restart. And therefore clicked the button "Apply Update". Bam! The download wa gone!! That file wa more important to my work than the browser update. And of course we have a slow connection at the work place. It had to be downloaded again. If a user is typing something in an online form (an email, comment, blog post, report, whatever), or is in the middle of uploading something, that data would also be gone. There must be a warning before restarting the browser, otherwise it's no different from a browser crash. The warning is what make a planned restart different from a crash.

3. The about box remains in the user's face for a long a the update is being downloaded. There's no minimize or hide button. And it pause the downloading if it's closed. It stay on top of the browser window and obstructs the web pages. It would be great if a "minimize to tray" button is provided on the About box when it's downloading the updates.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Wait till a new version of the browser is available for Firefox 4.0.
2. Go to Help menu>About Firefox; click "Check for updates".

Actual Results:
1. Size of the update is bigger than the full standalone installer.
2. After the download is complete, there's a button "Apply Updates" which would restart the browser without warning. It's not clear what would happen if the About box is closed at this point.
3. You cannot view the whole web page a the About box stay on the top.

Expected Results:
1. The size of the update should be smaller than the full installer.
2. There must be a warning before restarting the browser, with an option to restart later.
3. There should be a "minimize to tray" or "continue in background" button on the About box when it's downloading the updates.
