When add-on manager is the only opened tab, there is no way to get navigation bar at this tab
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Linux x86_64; rv:2.0.1) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Linux x86_64; rv:2.0.1) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0.1

I open firefox and I have only one blank page tab, then open add-on manager to change some option or addons or plugins etc. When I finished the changes, with restart or not, and I want to browse a web page, there is not a way to get navigation bar or a blank page tab to type a web page address. The only frustrating way is to open a new tab and then close the add-on manager and starting browsing at the new tab.

My suggestion to solve this are:

1. If the only opened tab is a blank tab, the add-on manager will open at a new tab.
2. Adding a close button at the add-on manager which will close add-on manager tab and if it is the only opened tab will substituting this with a blank page tab or open a new tab.
3. A similar solution to the second is to preserve the X button at the tab when this tab is the add-on manager and if it is pressed, it will close the add-on manager and open a new tab.

I think the second solution is le confusing and more clean than the other two. The first one oppose to the known idea at which if there is a blank page then the add-on manager will open there. The second one oppose to user which have customized firefox to close when click on the last tab's X button.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Make a firefox window to have only one blank page tab opened.
2. Try with one click to get a tab with navigation bar in which you can browse a site

Actual Results:
There is not a way to do this.

Expected Results:
A button that allows you to get a tab with navigation bar with one click.

This "bug" happens usually when you have the option of blank page when the firefox starts. However it can be also produced when someone open a new tab and close all other tab and then follow the step to reproduce.
