Unifying the file system
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Linux x86_64; rv:2.0.1) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Linux x86_64; rv:2.0.1) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0.1

Every user ha a file system. Moreover there are many hidden file such as, in Linux, the very important .thunderbird containing the mail of a user of Thunderbird, and .mozilla, containing his bookmarks. I don't mind very much where automatically created technical file are stored, but, a far a file for human are concerned, I don't like at all the idea of having in one place all the the mails, in an other place all the bookmarks, in a 3rd place all the remaining information I need etc.. This reminds me the 19th century book main classification in libraries: high books, medium-sized books, small books. The topic classification wa only a secondary criterion (inside the "high books", all high book of math were together, but small book of math were elsewhere). In modern libraries, such a technical classification ha been replaced by a more functional one, so that all book of algebra are together, whatever be their size. The same way, I don't like having similar parallel hierarchy in my documents, in my e-mails, my bookmark etc. I'd like to have in a one directory called providers/graphists/Naranbolor/ all the file concerning the graphist called Naranbolor, whether these are pictures, bills, tariff spreadsheets, quotation documents, e-mail or the bookmark to her website, rather than a folder in Thunderbird for her mails, a bookmark called "Naranbolor" in a folder providers/graphists in Firefox, and a third folder Documents/ providers/graphists/Naranbolor/ in my file hierarchy. The same way LibreOffice open when I double-click on an ODF document, Inkscape open when I double-click on a SVG document, gedit open when I double-click a text document etc., Firefox would open when I click on a bookmark.

I think giving priority to functional classification on technical one would be a major improvement in personal computer software design, including in cloud design.


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Get the need to classify functionally your information.
2.You have to create similar folder in your bookmark manager, your file system, your email manager.


Actual Results:
After you've done this job, you still cannot see together in one place the mails, the bookmark and the other file regarding a given topic.


Expected Results:
Getting in one folder (whether a technical folder or a virtual one doe matter) all the information concerning any given topic, including bookmarks, no matter the form of the information.
