Restartless extension seem to uninstall themselves after two restarts
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; WOW64; rv:5.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/5.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; WOW64; rv:5.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/5.0

I have three computer with Firefox profile connected via Firefox sync and Siphon extension sync (it's an extension that syncs your Firefox extension with other copy of Firefox). I've noticed recently that the two restartless extension I like to use regularly, Lesschrome HD and Easy App Tabs, seem to randomly uninstall themselves. Looking into the issue further, I realized that whenever I install any restartless extension on any of these three computers' copy of Firefox, they uninstall themselves after two restarts. I will describe the computers, their operating systems, and their Firefox version below.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Install a restartless extension (Lesschrome HD and Easy App Tabs are good examples) on any of my three computers. Extension installs perfect, work right away without restart.
2. Restart Firefox. Extension is still there, working fully.
3. Restart Firefox a second time. Extension no longer doe what it's supposed to do, and is removed from about:addons (so I'm assuming it's uninstalled).

Actual Results:
Restartless extension only are uninstalled after two restarts.

Expected Results:
Restartless extension should stay installed.

Computer 1: Windows 7 (AMD), Firefox 5.0 beta
Computer 2: Mac OS X Snow Leopard (10.6 Intel), Firefox 5.0 beta
Computer 3: Max OS X Tiger (10.4 PowerPC), TenFourFox 4.0.1 (mod of Firefox 4 that work on PowerPCs)

NOTE: I have used profile manager on computer 1 to see if this problem would persist on a default Firefox profile. It DOESN'T. It's just my set of profile it seems, but I'm not sure what is causing the problem. If you need information about my installed extensions, changed about:config options, or anything else, please let me know and I'll be happy to list it. I can also try disabling all other extension if that would be useful, though it would take some time.
