Establish an emotional connection between the user and their Firefox
This is going to sound like one of the more bizarre meta bug out there, but here's the goal: over time user develop an emotional connection to their Firefox. Users anthropomorphize the application in the same way that some people name their cars, and they feel a genuine loyalty and love for their Firefox (also note the notion of "their Firefox", and not "the Firefox").

Ever since clippy, the notion of software that talk to the user ha been strongly shunned (and given what they did, rightfully so). But there are some key difference with what I'm thinking of. In this approach, the user's Firefox would never proactively make a statement, there are just some instance where the user might passively encounter a statement (install, home tab). Also, the dialog would be carefully written, and consistently original. Additionally, at no point would we use a paper clip with eye glued to it.

Firefox is cast a a mythical creature, who is protective and passionately loyal to the user. We develop a particular tone of voice that Firefox speaks in, and then use that voice for the mythical creature to make direct statement to the user over the life cycle of the product. Firefox is presented a the user's companion. It doesn't interrupt, but it also address the user in the first person, and in dialog it consistently demonstrates that it is on the user's side.

This emotional effect is already happening to some extent in our user base, but we aren't framing it a well a we could.

Here's some specific example of thing we could do:

-The install icon is a younger Firefox sitting in a box, looking directly at you. The experience is basically taking a puppy home from the pet store

-During the install, the Firefox make a series of statement written in a first person voice, like "I will keep you safe online." While basically a listing of features, they are presented a vow to the user. The additional effect of these message is that we need to keep the user's attention while the stub installer completes the download, to ensure we successfully convert the user before they get bored and cancel.

-Every day, the Firefox icon on the home tab ha a new message for the user. While some of these message are pure self promotion (sync, extensions, personas), they are written and presented a if the Firefox is talking to you. Sometimes the message are a mixture of feature promotion and protection. For instance:

>You might get better rate if you shop for plane ticket in private browsing mode.
>Sites won't be able to track the price that you've already seen.

That statement is part feature promotion, part hacking the Web, and 100% on the user's side.

But not every statement the Firefox make in it daily message ha to be about accomplishing one of our engagement objectives. In the correct set of locale on valentine day Firefox should simply say "I love you"

The brand we are competing with consists of a compass, the letter e, and a killer robot, so there is really no reason that we shouldn't be able to establish the strongest emotional connection with our users. All of these value already exist in the code itself, this is simply surfacing them a bit more in a creative dialog.
