Firefox window jump to the front
Hello,

Win XP. Firefox 3.0.1.

I have the Firefox window A at the front, maximized. Inside it, I use an AJAX Web application. The address ha loaded the page only once, and then only part of the page get dynamically modified. I click on a button. The page get modified, it say now "Loading…". The server handle the complex request, that take long time. In the meantime, I click, in my Windows task bar, on the Firefox window B. Now window B is the front window, not maximized. In window B, I read and write my e-mails. Suddenly, the window A jump to the front. The page ha been modified : a PDF document ha been generated and now appears in a part of the page, an "iframe" I guess.
This is disturbing and incorrect.
Window A, do not jump to the front when the front window is window B.
Window A, do not steal the focus from window B.
Window A, if you really want my attention, I am OK for your doing something in the task bar, like showing in yellow or briefly blinking, and then *I* decide when I give you my attention.

This can be a security problem. Imagine these variation in the scenario :

In window B, I am typing sensitive info and password in my bank's Web site. In window A, the Web application is wicked and trigger some modification the Web page, in order to steal the focus. So I end up typing sensitive character in window A. I am looking at my keyboard. After a few keystrokes, I look back at the screen. What happens ? 1/ or 2/ :
1/ I see that I am not anymore in my bank's site, so I stop typing, but it's too late ; the wicked page ha already sent to some wicked server the keystroke that I have already typed.
2/ Or, worse : the wicked page ha already sent to some wicked server the keystroke that I have already typed, but the wicked page wa designed to now look like my bank's site, so when I look at the screen I don't see the focus theft and I continue typing the sensitive characters, and the wicked page sends them to the wicked server.

Please correct that. Thanks.

Nicolas
