After frozen Mac, after Firefox crash or after clean Firefox quit, Session restore failed to restore a lot of tabs, giving window with no tab
Firefox 6.0 on Mac OS X.

Usually session restore work pretty well for me. Alas, this time Firefox ha restored many of my tabs, but ha failed to restore many others. So data loss issue.
I had recently installed the buggy extension FlashBlock, so I suspect it, and I have now got rid of it.

My Mac had frozen. A bad habit of him.

After reboot, I relaunch Firefox.

I get the dialog allowing me to restore the session. It list the window which were open, and for every window it tabs, and I can untick the one I don't want to restore. But, among the 30 or so windows, a dozen show no tab. Of course they had tab(s). A window with no tab, that doe not make sense.
I leave everything ticked, I click Restore, and my window get restored, except the dozen window whose tab are lost. So I get much fewer window than I had.
I rush to my Firefox profile folder, and I copy it. In the copy, I open the sessionstore.bak file. Later on, I will try to restore my session from the content of this file, after putting it in the sessionstore.js file, and that will give me the same result. So, I look at sessionstore.bak. I find the addresses, in "url" item of "entries" items. And I find my poor window like this :

{"tabs":[],"selected":0,"_closedTabs":[],"width":"1268","height":"806","screenX":"50","screenY":"22","sizemode":"maximized"}

List "tabs" : desperately empty. :'-( Sometimes, "selected" is 12 ; sometimes, the list is filled in and contains… the closed tab ; but the open tab are definitely lost.

So, please make session restore, this oh ! so important feature, more robust.

And, taking Murphy's law into account, what about having a few more backups, for salvaging thing ? In addition to sessionstore.bak, saving the older sessionstore-01.bak, the even older sessionstore-02.bak… sessionstore-10.bak, one level for 24 hour ? Rolling in safe order : first, write -09's content to -10, then, write -08's content to -09…

Many thanks,

Nicolas
