ffx 8 lost whole session - upgrade, extensions, combination
User Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 5.1; rv:8.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/8.0
Build ID: 20111104165243

Steps to reproduce:

win32/winxp:
upgraded a firefox 7.0 to firefox 8.0 via integrated upgrade mechanism (about dialogbox). many firefox windows, many tab in windows.

hard to remember the exact stepp of thing a it involved a longer abstince in using this firefox and it profile. over a longer time the firefox installation on this machine ha been unused but the standlone installers of the major release of the past month downloaded (.exe installers) and executed/installed. firefox wa never started up during this time.

only today i started the then-current firefox 7.0 (non 7.0.1 i think) and it came up with these pre-startup smaller dialog window where it check for outdated or compatibility of addons/extensions. it did all those check and i acknowledged all it offered to update there on the extension side.

so firefox 7 came up normally, all tabs/windows were there. al the extension tab displayed a number of extension there, all present and working.

then i went into the about dialogbox, it downloaded a new update (too bad firefox doesnt show the user what version and detail it actually fetch and applies, this is really a bad thing to leave the user in the dark about these important information).

so anyways, firefox 8 came back up very quickly (i had upgraded many other firefox machine last night to firefox 8, they all showed this large new window in contrast at the beginning where ffx8 check and fetch new extensions). and it restored all my window and tab properly. odd enough the extension tab wa completely empty, only a small button in the middle telling me that no entry or element of this kind existed or so. no extensions.

remember, the tabs/windows were all okay.

so i shutdown firefox8 normally (file, exit) and then started it back up.

this time only exactly one window with one normal tab (about: home) appeared, and then a great many additinional special tab next to it, all with about:extension{........ } or such a rather special address type i have never seen or observed before with firefox, maybe it wa config: extension or whatever, well at least there seemed to be some GUID next to this same part of the URI, locating the actual extension or so.

the content of these special tab only had a short text giving a hint about the extension name and that it needed some maintenance and some external program wa in midst of operating the file or so it hinted, very weird stuff, and a checkbox wa offered if i wanted to make it the extension work again with firefox or update it and activate it again or such text. dont quite recall it a i have never seen this kind of weirdness before.

so all of these additional tab next to the single about:home tab looked like that. no other tab or windows.

so i wa already hoping for the worst, and the worst came, after the firefox obvious restart.

one firefox window and one tab (about:home) wa being offered, and the extension tab showed again a shiny list of active present and working extension all of the up-to-date (no update on checking), but my whole session of many window and tab of firefox wa hosed and gone.

the history, restore-last session or the button on about:home didnt help and and eventually wa greyed and didnt work.

this session wa messed with and eternally destroyed i guess.



Actual results:

main question remain, what on earth were these many tab with the single extension being questioned and checkboxed back alive and speaking about external program mangled the extension file or stuff.

something is very wrong here.
worst part is that except for extension being deactivated hidden or sleepin in some way i actually still had and used my firefox session with firefox8, only the second boot of firefox8 gave me this desaster.

:(((((((
