Form field value not remembered when I go back if I set autocomplete attribute to "off".
User Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux x86_64; en-US; rv:1.9.2.24) Gecko/20111107 Ubuntu/10.10 (maverick) Firefox/3.6.24
Build ID: 20111107175754

Steps to reproduce:

I have a form field in which I do customized AJAX-based autocompletion. The default in-browser auto-complete interferes with this, so I disable it by setting the autocomplete attribute to "off".


Actual results:

Everything work great, unless I submit or click on a link, then go back to the form page. Firefox remembers every field on the form except the one I have set the autocomplete attribute to "off".


Expected results:

I understand that the typical use case for the autocomplete attribute is to prevent remembering password and credit card number and such. But another common use is mine: where I do the autocompletion myself and don't want Firefox's autocompletion to interfere. In the former case I can understand the desire for not storing sensitive form field value in the session; however there are case such a mine where I only want half of the behavior of autocomplete=off: I want to disable the pulldown menu, but I want it to remember the value of the field.

My recommendation, for what it's worth, would be to accept value other than "on" and "off" for the autocomplete attribute. "off" would have to stay the same, since you don't want to break a bazillion webpages(!) But you could add support for "disable-menu-only" or something equivalent, for example.

Are there other work-arounds anyone can suggest? I've thought about storing the field value in a cookie each time it changes, then setting the field value from the cookie when the page loads. But that would be messy: I want it to start blank when the form first loads, but I want it to restore from cookie only when going "back". I'm not sure how to distinguish these cases.

I appreciate any help! This is a source of minor but persistent annoyance to me and many other user of mushroomobserver.org.
