Inspector Rule View selector can be more visually scannable
After using the style editor more day-to-day, a use case that I find myself doing quite frequently which I think could be better served is that of visually scanning downwards through a list of style to find a particular selector.

As an example, I found myself inspecting the twitter bootstrap example to see how they're put together ( http://cl.ly/012t2B3d0n432V3c0W2B ). My current goal wa to find out how the "pull-left" class wa affecting the form element I wa inspecting. My immediate task then is to scan down the left-hand-side of the style editor to find the .pull-left selector.

As you can see from the screenshot, the font and indentation along the left-hand side of the style editor are all uniform. This, coupled with the fact that the filenames, selectors, checkboxes, and dropdowns are all given similar visual weight and colors, make the visual hierarchy very flat and difficult to scan for anything in particular.

I believe that we can make this totally awesome though, with just a few tweaks! Some proposals:
- Decrease the prominence of the checkboxes and dropdown indicators, so that the indentation of style property is more profound. This could mean moving them to the right hand side, or just reducing their visual weight.
- Reduce the visual prominence given to the file name / line number, a it is in general not a important a the style selector. Then increase the visual prominence of the style selector. This can be done by using color or at least varying shade of grey to further differentiate level in the information hierarchy, or simply moving the position of these objects.

I'd love to provide you with some mockups that illustrate potential solution for these visual problem if that would be helpful. I'd need to take into account your plan for current functionality and any unimplemented design work you've already got, so if this is interesting to you, just let me know and we can talk more!

For point of contrast, in the Firebug style editor design make this use-case really really clear, by having the selector be a different color than the properties, values, and file name ( http://cl.ly/2F1p151z3n0Z0G3K050D ). The indentation also make very clear what is a selector and what isn't. Similarly, the Chrome style editor us color to differentiate elements, and also give the file name/line number le prominence ( http://cl.ly/260G3x2h1p330q0f0J2G ). Though not a easy to scan for selector a firebug (due to the "Matched CSS Rules" bar and the dropdowns/alert icons), it is still easier to scan for selector than our style editor. We can do better! :D :D
