Ideas about history and tab clutter
History is still linear and hasn't followed the tab-browsing age. When browsing
with multiple tabs, which site led to what (the browsing-flow) is more relevant
than the order in which they were opened that the history window shows. There is
an other kind of history, linked to the back/forward buttons, which is specific
to each tab, and empty when the tab is new.

In both cases, this feel wrong to me: the history window is almost unusable but
for the "search" feature, and going forward and backward should'nt be impaired
so much by the way in which I opened the link.

Moreover, the "open link in new tab" feature is often used a just a way to more
easily go back (to a search to get back more result for example). Or more
generally to keep some easy reference to a page you know you'll need again soon.
This, at least in my case, lead quickly to tab clutter that make finding the
right tab more difficult. This is multiplied by the number of independent task
you do in the same browser window, each leading to a whole tree of tabs.

People are concerned about the tab clutter problem, but none of the proposed
solution have really cut it yet:

- The tab grouping window is nice, but requires too much manual work in my
opinion. If I'm too lazy to have orderly tab a I go, I probably am to sort
them this way too. Plus, other group feel "hidden" a little bit too far away
to me (but that could be improved). Grouping should be done mostly
automatically.

- An interesting extension that I find very useful (despite the way it is
written...) is Tree Style Tab. The idea is simple, you can get a simple
hierarchy in your tab by making a distinction between real new tab and one
opened from links. This at least group my concurrent topic in an easily
accessible way. But even then, the back/forward history is tab specific and
the parent/child relationship get a bit weird when I follow a link in the
parent tab or even close it.


Well, the reality of it is that the browsing history is a forest. It wa a tree
before tab made their way in, but even then the multiple future weren't
properly handled (going back then forward another way), which I have always
found mildly annoying. With tabs, you work around it by opening in new tab in
advance; we got used to this but, because this is the only way provided. Tabs,
on the other hand, with the history seen a a forest, may be seen a only a few
highlighted item in the history: any relationship between them is still present
and could be used for a clever way to visualise or to handle some operation
(like "back").

Of course, I am not suggesting we explain to user that their history is a
forest with a new tree planted every time they click on "new tab". But merging
history and tab in some way and finding a good way to visualise the result is
the way to go. I have a few idea about how to do this and am starting to work
on an extension to see how usable it turn out to be (it's my first, so please
be patient while I learn XUL).



Disclaimer: I am writing this based on my personal experience. I know for a fact
that I often don't use the tool the way most people do; my goal is to make the
experience better for everyone, not just myself, so I am counting on other
user's experience to get usable UI and features. Please tell me if I am wrong
in my assumption about how the tab are used, or if my idea would make it
worse for you. I sure don't expect to get it right without lot of review from
different users, but I am confident this is still the way to go.
