www prefix is added to URL that load after accepting inline-autocomplete suggestion
User Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; WOW64; rv:14.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/14.0
Build ID: 20120612164001

Steps to reproduce:

In Firefox 14 beta, a weird behavior ha appeared. "autoFill" feature add "www." prefix to URL in location bar though neither browser's history nor bookmark do contain corresponding URL with "www." prefix.

If I start to type, for example, "stack", then "stackoverflow.com" is automatically placed into location bar. It's correct.

But then, if I just press "enter" key, "www.stackoverflow.com" (with "www." prefix) is for some reason starting loading instead of "stackoverflow.com" that ha been shown in location bar when I've started typing and pressed "Enter" key.

But if I start to type "stack", and then press "down-arrow" key once (thus choosing [from the URL list suggested by Firefox] _same_ URL a ha been suggested by autoFill autocomplete) and _then_ press "Enter" key, "stackoverflow.com" (without "www." prefix) is opened a expected ("www." prefix is not prepended to the URL).

Neither my history nor bookmark do contain the URL with "www." prefix. The "www." prefix is apparently added wrongly by autocomplete mechanism of Firefox when using autoFill feature (that's probably what's called inline autocomplete). Tested multiple time (with different URLs affected by the bug) in Library window opened via "Ctrl+Shift+H" keyboard shortcut.

The only workaround I've found is to "forget the site" with corresponding context menu-item of one of search/filter result in Library window. But that's undesirable and annoying since cooky are deleted too, and I'm forced to relogin to all site that have been worked-around this way.

This bug is reproduced in both latest Firefox 14 beta (20120612164001) and Nightly (20120615042503).


Actual results:

After pressing "Enter" on inline-autocompleted URL without "www." prefix, "www." prefix is automatically added to the URL though original URL from history/bookmarks doe not contain "www." prefix.


Expected results:

"www." prefix should not be automatically added to URL that actually doe not contain it.
