Cannot click on anything or enter data in top 4 inch of browser & scroling is not automatic
User Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 4.0; rv:14.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/14.0.1
Build ID: 20120713134347

Steps to reproduce:

Placed my cursor at place to enter my email and password into place indicated for PayPal login and left clicked, but nothing happened. Also tried to click to close another site, to log out of my bank account transaction listing with button at top of screen. Again, nothing happened. If I can magnify the page or reduce the page size so that I can get such form data blank or log-in/log-out buttons, or any button I need to click in namerous site including gmail, yahoo mail, my yahoo account, my florida.com clickbank, aweber, gvocom.com, hostgator, jemyl@jemyl.com, any other I have visited and tried to use a button or form or even scroll bar in the top approximately 4 inch of the browser window on my 13 inch optiquest VGA monitor using win-XP with service pack 3 installed, and yes, I checked it to be sure.


Actual results:

With each attempt, absolutely nothing happened. The cursor did not change. It wa a if I hadn't even clicked the mouse i.e. touchpad button. I have to constantly play with magnification to try to get the button into the responsive range of the screen. I am using a 2007 Toshiba laptop with the attached Optiquest monitor a the only output device. I have not had a chance to see if this is the same on my desktop machine. i am, of course, hesitant to upgrade to Firefox 14.0 on that machine a the Firefox 12.x that I have on there werks quite well for the whole browser window. It also scroll without my having to find a place to put my cursor that will respond and have all of the material highlighted a I scroll. I do not like this new version of Firefox!


Expected results:

The cursor should have blinked in the form allowing me to type in my log-in information, i.e. email or user name and password. The button should have pushed allowing me to open or close the application or window or to log in or out. Scrolling should happen whereever I put my cursor and pull it down while holding the left mouse button down.
