[UX] Issues with site specific permission / preference
I encountered a few UX issue when working with about:permissions.

0. There is no way to navigate away from the permission manager page other than closing it. Either show the navigation bar (this is preferable) or show at least a few button (like the current extension manager does).

1. Pressing [Del] on the keyboard should delete the currently selected entry.

2. Pressing "Forget about this website" (or however it is called in en) should select the next entry instead of "All websites" (beware of the case when you are deleting "blabla.tld" and the next entry is "www.blabla.tld" – the latter on is delted, too!).

3. The list of website should be sorted alphabetically (and ignoring "www." while doing so).

4. The list doe not display all entry it could. E. g. delete a few entry from the list, reload the permission manager page, and the list is filled up with "new" page until a certain threshold.

5. The in-content site specific prefs page ha the title "Permissions manager" (translated from German), this implies that this view is only about permission for sites. However, deleting an entry mean deleting a website from history. Additionally, every site I ever visited is listed in the permission manager regardless of whether they have the default permission or not.


Regarding 4 and 5:

The scope of the site preference page is unclear.

It is either about website permissions, in which case only the website I've set custom prefs for should be listed (and if you visit the prefs manager from a site which ha the default settings, e. g. from the Site Identity panel, add the entry on the fly). This keep the list short and sane (and more usable).

Or it is kind of a central control panel for anything site-specific – in this case the info provided should be much more verbose (like the "site info" link form the context menu) AND the pref panel should be clearly marked a such. Plus, there should be link to see the history entry for this page, whether it is bookmarked and what tag are set for it, a well a button to reset any custom prefs, clear the history, etc.
