Firefox keep hanging when there's an input or a textarea for input
I have been noticing that this ha been kinda worse a time passes, but only now I think it ha stepped over a threshold that is too much to handle.

Problem:
When firefox navigates to a page that includes visible input for text (input@type=text, input@type=file or textarea) firefox allocates some extra, quite noticeable, amount of memory. It may hang a bit, but nothing that seem problematic or annoying.

Then, when I try writting something to the textarea or the text input it keep hanging and most text I write when it hang is lost in the input buffer. I need to re-write the text that wa not written; and I also need to keep checking if firefox wa hanging, or not, while I wa writting.


Troubleshooting tries:
I made a clone of my firefox profile and I spent some hour following the guides:
http://kb.mozillazine.org/Firefox_hangs
http://kb.mozillazine.org/Standard_diagnostic_-_Firefox

After 3 tries, I restarted the troubleshooting in -safe-mode and did all the rest only in -safe-mode so that the addons + plugins + my changed setting would not interfere with the testing.

Tabs:
I have about 40 tab open (I don't know the real number) spread through 5 tab group and with 7 tab in the current group.

Memory:
I've noticed that, in my normal use, firefox us between +-900MB (normal state) but can easily escalate to +-1400MB when I'm using textareas, for example.
In -safe-mode, the "base" memory wa 600-800MB and the peak wa +-1100MB

This is information given by the resource manager in the commit tab.

One thing I notice that seems to be happening is that firefox keep doing heavy GC work over and over. I state that because the memory just keep on fluctuating and never stay +- still.

Platform:
I'm using win6.1 x64 running on an Intel core 2 duo (does not support hiper-threading).

Possible conflicting software:
I use Ms Security Essentials and I use window firewall.

How to reproduce:
I don't really know any background step to reproduce this. Probably the main thing here is to have a "decent" number of tab opened and a computer that is not much powerful and is under a considerable amount of use.
