Fire Fox crash XT
User Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 5.1; rv:22.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/22.0 (Beta/Release)
Build ID: 20130618035212

Steps to reproduce:

1) I had about 3-4 dozen tab in two window when FF 22 1st crashed. This is not the bug I am reporting. Just step one to reproduce.
2) I restarted FF and got the restore session screen. I clicked the restore button. The restore looked like it wa starting but a little over one second later XT crashed black screen.
3) I repeated step 2) above first starting other program like IE, My computer, MagicJack in various combination before step 2) to assure myself that XT wa not the problem bug that those program were working, When I first tried to enter google.com in IE IE reported could not load site and gave me the the networking and local area troubleshooting wizard. The networking and local area troubleshooting wizard reported that http and http were working but that ftp wa not working. Next in IE I searched for Google using IXquick http clicked on it and got google just fine still in IE. FF worked by calling up a new tab making that new tab active not the Restore Session Tab. that is how I am able to report this bug.


Actual results:

After other program proved XT working clicking restore in Restore session tab crashed XT within about a second half a dozen different times. XT wa rebooted sometimes twice just to be sure in between those half a dozen XT crashes.

Next I clicked start a new session instead of restore in the Restore session tab. And It looked like it wa starting to work but XT crashed in about one second same a with clicking restore.

The exit to black screen is crisp, no transition screen nor apparent delay while XT considers or let application go through a closing process, that is after the second or so of abnormal FF restore session screens.

Once clicking restore in the restore session tab started acting up by sending me to blackscreen once, there have no exceptions, clicking restore or start a new session always crash XT to black screen in about a second.


Expected results:

Before today, clicking restore restored the last session, while clicking start a new session started a fresh session.
