Someone is hacking into my e-mail account using Firefox
User Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10.5; rv:16.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/16.0 (Beta/Release)
Build ID: 20121024073032

Steps to reproduce:

(I have a Mac Desktop Leopard). They have permanently turned off my ability to turn on clear history. stop private browsing. I have changed ALL passwords; log into Firefox many, many times. This person's IP address is in Raleigh, NC (I know who is doing this--it is a partner in the hospital record company Axial Exchange--computerizing medical records. They have a history with Redhat and Linnux, so they are extremely familiar with Macs and the browser user use with them. Anything you can do to track this person would be most appreciated. They have invaded my computer a they have my house and don't think I know it. If you want me to continue to be a user and to recommend this browser to my Mac friend on the Mac forums, please check into how a hacker can permanently turn off these option a if they do not exist. Please respond ASAP.


Actual results:

(I have a Mac Desktop Leopard). They have permanently turned off my ability to turn on clear history. stop private browsing. I have changed ALL passwords; log into Firefox many, many times. This person's IP address is in Raleigh, NC (I know who is doing this--it is a partner in the hospital record company Axial Exchange--computerizing medical records. They have a history with Redhat and Linnux, so they are extremely familiar with Macs and the browser user use with them. Anything you can do to track this person would be most appreciated. They have invaded my computer a they have my house and don't think I know it. If you want me to continue to be a user and to recommend this browser to my Mac friend on the Mac forums, please check into how a hacker can permanently turn off these option a if they do not exist. Please respond ASAP.


Expected results:

Under Tools--Start Private Browsing or End Private Browsing should be in bold and not in light gray a if it doe not exist. I cannot seem to turn off Private Browsing when, in fact, the hacker is monitoring all my e-mail searching, history.
