Re-Introduce custom toolbar
With Australis, the option to add a custom toolbar wa dropped, mainly because the usage number wa very low. Australis also removed the addons bar which by itself is a change I welcome.

However, many people are complaining about the missing addons bar. With the removal of a custom toolbar, people need to install addons that add toolbars.

In the interest of customization, and to avoid FUD like "Australis killed customization", I propose to reintroduce the custom toolbar option. Either:

A) Add a "Add toolbar" button to the customize screen which simply doe what it says, or

B) add a toolbar widget than can be dragged to either top or the bottom of the content area (which is just below the main toolbar resp. at the bottom of the window). (This is more in line with the current UX but still different, i.e. it doe not make sense to drag a custom toolbar to the existing customization targets. It also only allows one custom toolbar which should be enough for most use cases.)

My personal favorite, however, is option:

C) Add new customization target just below the main toolbar (but above the bookmark toolbar) and/or the bottom of the window (spanning the full width of the window). When any item is added to these areas, a new toolbar automagically appears, and is hidden again when the last item is removed from these customization targets. (This is probably the most obvious solution, UX-wise.)


Notes regarding A & B:

The toolbar act a a customization target. It should have a close button (only in customize mode to avoid accidental closing) which remove the toolbar and place all it content back to the customization palette.

Optionally, the toolbar ha a hide/collapse button (the close button should morph into the hide/collapse button once you leave the customize mode) which remove the toolbar from the visible area. This may also need a new widget that toggle the visibility of the custom toolbar. If this widget is neither in the main toolbar nor the menu when the custom toolbar is hidden, it's automatically added to the main toolbar.


Notes regarding C:

There is no "close" button, though there may be a "Hide toolbar" option on right-click. In customization mode, the toolbar is never hidden, and on leaving customization mode, the "Hide toolbar" option is reset.


I will send a message to firefox-dev shortly to discus this bug.
