app failed to start - mozz.dll not found -- but then it continues as normal
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.5a) Gecko/20030728 Mozilla Firebird/0.6.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.5a) Gecko/20030728 Mozilla Firebird/0.6.1

This happens enough that I'm sure this is a duplicate, but I can't find a single
bug with the keywords 'mozz.dll', 'not found', 'missing', 'unable', at least one
of which should be in the title.

First off, the Reproducibility option needs clarifying: there is only one way I
know to reproduce the error message every time - it's included in the Steps to
Reproduce section.  I think I've done it other ways, but I can't reproduce them
now.  Anyways, I get this error message:

This application has failed to start because mozz.dll was not found. 
Re-installing the application may fix this problem.

This does essentially nothing to impair browsing, however, as Firebird continues
as normal - as though there had been no supposedly-disastrous error.

I did a search through the latest file I downloaded from mozilla.org
(MozillaFirebird-0.6.1-win32.zip).  I could not find mozz.dll in it.  I did a
search on my hard drive to see if I could find mozz.dll.  I did find it in
"C:\Program Files\Common Files\mozilla.org\GRE\1.5a_2003071814".  Seeing as this
version of Firebird I'm using (the first, I've mostly used the Mozilla app suite
before), I figure maybe Firebird installs a mozz.dll file when installed, BUT
ONLY if necessary.  Is it possible my Firebird installation has been
piggy-backing my Mozilla installation (UA string: "Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U;
Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.5a) Gecko/20030718") for the mozz.dll file but
sometimes encounters a snag and can't find the file?

Once again, sorry if this is a dup, but I couldn't find anything using the
logical keywords.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
The method that always errors for me seems to be this:
1. Use Ctrl-T to create a new tab.
2. Switch to the new tab.
3. Type about:plugins in the location bar.
4. Watch the fireworks begin!
Actual Results:  
I get the error message:

This application has failed to start because mozz.dll was not found. 
Re-installing the application may fix this problem.

After this, Firebird goes back to its merry business and completes the loading
of the new page.


Expected Results:  
It should not have shown me an error message.

Firebird reports mozz.dll is missing and suggests a reinstall.