weblog comments appear in special minimilist window - problems occur if you close this window last
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Win98; en-US; rv:1.7) Gecko/20040616
Build Identifier: http://www.mozilla.org/products/firefox/

First, note that my preferences set up so that if I close Firefox while there
were multiple tabs open, the next time I start Firefox, those tabs will reload.
(a handy feature)

I was reading Kevin Drum's weblog (www.washingtonmonthly.com), and I opened the
comments link on one of his posts.  Doing this causes a new "minimalist" firefox
window to appear, displaying the comments.  This window is without things like
the box that you enter in a website, various navigation buttons, and even menu
items (file, edit, view, etc.).

I was done reading, and I proceeded to close firefox down. The last window I
closed down was the special "minimalist" one.

So now, everytime I run firefox, the "minimalist" firefox window pops up
displaying the link to the comments I had been reading.

I can't get back to the non-minimalist firefox window - the one with all the
buttons, menu, etc.

I even went so far as to uninstall firefox, and reinstall. But the new install,
on startup, still manages to find whatever config file it is that's causing
firefox to load Kevin Drum's goddamned weblog comments!!!!!!

And for the life of me, I can't find that damn config file.  I figured I'd
search my entire Program Files directory for a file having the text
"washingtonmonthly.com", but it still didn't show up.  So I guess this
particular config file is somewhere out of this directory???  That's odd.

Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1a. Make sure your preferences are set up so that if you close Firefox while
there were multiple tabs open, the next time you start Firefox, those tabs will
reload.

1. open up any comments link on Kevin Drum's weblog (www.washingtonmonthly.com)

2. now close firefox (not the comments window)

3. now close the comments window

4. start firefox again


Actual Results:  
1. The "minimalist" comments window ought to open.
2. You will have a bitch of a time, (or at least a regular user would), of
getting the regular firefox browser window back.

Expected Results:  
I don't know. Perhaps it should prevent these "minimalist" kinds of links from
being reloaded at start up.

p.s. I still haven't figured out how to get my firefox working properly again.