errorguard window keeps popping up to install and scan my system + how about a neat roll back feature to earlier version
User-Agent:       Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 6.0; Windows NT 5.1; SV1; (R1 1.3); (R1 1.5); .NET CLR 1.1.4322; FDM)
Build Identifier: FireFox 1.02

> 
>  HI fellas,
>   First of All -you guys are doing a wonderful job with  the fast track 
development on Fire fox and Mozilla for  resolution of known issues..
> Cheers!!!!.  But I guess sometimes you chew more than you can handle as is 
the case with the new release of 1.02.
Though i must congratulate  you guys for the prompt response and mail reply I 
recieved inspite of tons of issues and mails that I am sure keep you very 
busy. What is highly appreciated is the time given from your busy schedule to 
create a totally fresh and revolutionary open source Application.
 Well Back to My Issue--THis is a reply I got from  Christpher Aillion at 
mozilla;
"Popup windows are considered a web annoyance, not a security issue so 
this is the wrong place to email.  But it sounds like a bug that should 
be fixed.  You should take your report to 
http://www.mozilla.org/support/ and/or file a bug."
> Just when  we were getting the chinks and little annoyances out of 1.01  and 
it was pretty stable here comes a  seemingly upgraded version 1.02.. Well news 
is that  itsmore buggy  than the previous version in some components and has 
more security holes left open.someone somewhere added some well meaning 
components and they boomeranged on the security front> Welcome to the real 
world
  THTE ISSUE  : Just after installing the upgrade that I downloaded from the 
update feature in  options pane i shut down firefox 1.01
> Immediately after re launching firefox.... imagine my shock when 
> i got a pop up window  from casalemedia saying my system had 100 critical 
errors... and blablabla i had to download  something  from Casalemedia.com
>  Never in the past 12  months have I ever recieved a pop up  banner 
> or advt... well a few seconds  after the casalemedia opo up  was another pop 
up window from errorguard. Both these sites have a lot of negative writeups 
when you search on google and are also blacklisted by  anti-spyware groups
> This is the first time these spyware guys seem to have beaten the 
> firefox team.

AND HEY -- wouldnt it be nice if we could have a neat Roll Back feature  to an 
earlier installed version. when people want to go back to a version that 
worked just fine on thier machine with all the extensions etc. Just an Idea 
but I think its time has come...We have that for Drivers in Windows but no 
such luck for Applications.

 Another very good  point with Firefox Over IE is that contrary to piblic 
opinion there are a few sites that IE cannot handle wher as Firefox opens them 
flawlessly... 
 Like the site freeserials.com or keygen.us IE will block a popup  and Just 
Lock up OR the site will send a message to 'enable cookies or allow pop ups 
before downloading'

Firefox on the other hand is quite safe as it does block the pop ups and 
malware from these sites but lets one download the links automatically without 
an error from the sites.. though these sites may not be entirely onthe legal 
side  but hey help the open source movement in  thier own way!!
Its just that with Firefox getting more popular these spyware groups will 
target your browser with additional funds to  develop technology to break your 
codes
 Good Work Guys


Please feel free to contact me  for any help

I am a professional digital imaging specialist and actively use my creative  
side to create artistic images as well as results.

Best wishes
Utsav

Looking forward to an early resolution


Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Launched browser
visited site www.santabanta.com
2.After clicking a few links the  annoying pop up happened and there was no 
way in options to turn of this site
3. Shut down browser and relaunched.... works fine now




Expected Results:  
 Not Allowed these new technology spyware comanies to open pop ups.... I must 
add that On the who;e Fire fox has been quite stable and able to ward of these 
kind of pop up attacks in the past and  still is effective for most sites. 
Its  just with Firefox getting more popular  these  syware adware companies 
are spending more dollars on R&D to break your codes