This is a report of a serious bug in the bugzilla problem response area
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.7.10) Gecko/20050716 Firefox/1.0.6
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.7.10) Gecko/20050716 Firefox/1.0.6

There are currently 200 bug reports covering nearly every aspect of the event
model. I strongly support everything that this organization does. I use semantic
design and CSS for layout. I adhere strictly to W3C standards, and check
everything I do against the W3C site and ust the Mozilla on line manual for my
main source of referenc. I believe in the primary principal of keeping the web
free and open. I develop web applications for small businesses to give them the
affordable options to help compete with the major corporations. I would be very
sad to have to put a notice on my sites that say 'This site can only funition in
Internet Explore because FireFox does not support W3C standards for javaScript.
I know IE doesn't support support W3C either, but there are always work arounds,
because at least it works the way their manual says it will, so I can convert
it. With FireFox there is just no way to work around many of the bugs. Web
applications are one of the fastest growing areas in the whole internet
industry. This bug in the system that leaves a key component unfunctional forces
proffessional developers, like myself, into the .net world. That's why there are
so many there already.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Type 'event' into the search window. You have 200 examples already
2.
3.

Actual Results:  
What has not happend, is that moizilla has not taken javaScript seriously. The
consensus on all the forums is that javaScript is just for annoying anamations
that nobody wants, and pop ups and viruses that we are all trying to kill.
Nobody seems to give any thought to the fact that the web can make applications
availble to small business, that perviously could only be used by major
corporations. Things like telecomuting to save traffic problems and the polution
caused by them. But, javaScript is required to make it feasable.

Expected Results:  
There are many pages in this site, like the 'Site Evangelism Project', that are
very sanctamonius about how some developers do not follow W3C statndards
properly and therefore their sites don't render properly in FireFox. I would
expect that you would apply the same level of 'evnagelism' to seeing that
FireFox complies with W3C standards for DOM and javaSrcipt. Or at least
functions as your own manual says it should.

I realize that whoever evaluates this will probably not think of this as a true
'bug'. But I urge you to reconsider. A flaw in the organization that results in
a growing segment of the market being unable to use your product, requires just
as much attention as flaws in the product itself. There are many professional,
like myself, who would love to have options, and not have to chain their clients
to Microsoft. But until this organization gives some priority to these
outstanding bugs, we have no other options. Please let me know when I can put a
link on my site, and all my client sites, to let anyone who comes to them,
download the new W3C complient FireFox and break free from the monopoly. And,
when I can start training other developers how to work in !net (no that's not a
typo).