location bar text doesn't highlight properly when mouse leaves bar boundaries
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.7.8) Gecko/20050517 Firefox/1.0.4 (Debian package 1.0.4-2)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.7.8) Gecko/20050517 Firefox/1.0.4 (Debian package 1.0.4-2)

See the steps to reproduce.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open Firefox and go to http://www.google.com/ -- this bug happens no matter
what is in the location bar, so this URL is just an example.
2. Put the mouse cursor betwen www. and google.com in the address bar.
3. Click and hold the left mouse button.
4. Carefully drag the mouse to the right to highlight just google.com/. Keep the
left mouse button held down.
5. Move the mouse up until in leaves the location bar.
Actual Results:  
The highlighted area changes. Instead of highlighting google.com/, it highlights
http://www. instead.

Expected Results:  
What is highlighted in the location bar consists of text between two boundaries.
Since highlighting consists of clicking and dragging, the first click and hold
should define one boundary. Wherever the cursor is while the left mouse button
is held down, the horizontal component of the cursor's position should be used
to determine the other boundary.

I don't know if this bug report describes the problem well enough for any
arbitrary reader to understand, but I can't write any more right now. This bug
is  one of the most annoying ones I've ever experienced, including program
crashes and blue screens on windows. Even writing a bug report about it gets my
dander up. Nine out of every ten people I introduce to Firefox experience this
bug the very first time they open the browser and comment, "Damn it! I hate that."

The problem is that people like to "recycle" the home page URL that comes up
automatically when Firefox starts since nearly every web site starts with
http://www. and it's a pain to type it in every time. People mean to highlight
and delete everything else, but because Firefox pops the other highlighting
boundary to the beginning of the URL when the cursor leaves the top of the
location area, they end up deleting the part they really want to keep.