most of firefox doesn't work, and there is a strange bug or two in Thunderbird.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.3) Gecko/20040910
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.3) Gecko/20040910

Installed pretty much out of the box as downloaded. And imported bookmarks and history and stuff from older mozilla. And created some folders (old mozilla personal toolbar folder) at the (not sure of the name) toolbar, just below the text entry where URL links is typed in.

I installed some themes and changed to a theme called something like Aqua extreme (i think).

Next time Firefox was restarted i tried to get new themes to Thunderbird. Firefox started with no menues working. Just a blank browser window. No download started. No button seems to work. Nothing happens when some button or menu item is clicked.

I am mostly into Linux/Unix. I dont know how to get a screenshot to illustrate what i'm talking about. I can't say i have any control over what happens in this so called OS. It is mostly click some button and hope it works. 


And Thunderbirds bugs... 
The bottom bar is about 5cm or 2 inches on a 17" monitor in 1280x1024 mode.

If i have a thunderbird window about 80% - 90% of the hight of the screen and 60% 70% of the width of the screen, and then grab the top bar of the thunderbird window to rezize it, the two... hmmm... squares where mailboxes and with mail message headers is,... the two squares above the text message square...

Ok... 
grab top bar to shrink the hight of the window. The two squares above the mail message square tharts to shrink. The message text square and the 5cm or 2 inches high bottom bar keep its sizes until the entire window is about 60% of the total screen size. Then the bottom bar starts to shrink until it disapears. When the bottom bar disapears into the outer window frame the message text square starts to shrink.

The bottom bar contains two lines similar to the below:

(the mesage square ends here)
[a small picture of a wire]                    | Unread: 0 | Total 12|  |



                     label="&blockImageCmd.label;"
-----------------------------^




                     label="&blockImageCmd.label;"
-----------------------------^



(bottom of bottom bar)


shorter description.

Resize window hight from ca 90% of the entire screen size. The two squares with mailbox and email headers starts tho shrink. The big text square and the huge bottom bar keep its size until the window is about 60% of the screen size.

At ca 60% of the screen  size the two smaller squares stops shrinking and the huge bottom bar starts to shrink until it disapears into the outer window frame. 

When the bottom bar is gone the text square starts to shrink.

When the big text square is gone the two smaller squares starts to shrink again, and when they too are gone the toolbar starts to shrink.

The version is the very latest.

Best regards
Bo

Reproducible: Didn't try

Actual Results:  
Hmm... Se above.

Expected Results:  
Se above

See above

I'm sorry for the rather unstructured bug report.