Zone Alarm stops the opening of URLs from Outlook Express in Firefox
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5

If I clcik on a link, nothing happens, absolutely nothing.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Read an email in Outlook Express
2. Click on a hyperlink in an email
3. Click again, click again, again, again, again, again, again, again, again, again, again, again, again, again, again, again, again, AND again to no avail.

Actual Results:  
1. Start or reboot the computer.
2. Open Outlook Express to read mail.
3. Click on a hyperlink, click repeatedly, not a darn thing happens.

Expected Results:  
1.  I might be expecting too much but, I would think Mozilla would open to the site I clicked on.

I've been a dedicated Mozilla and Firefox user since the beta days of Mozilla but I'm beginning to get real fed up with this same stupid repeating problem.

Every time there's an update to Firefox I go up and get it.  I fully expect to have problems with email links but what's bringing me to the point of giving up on Mozilla products is not does the same, stupid, irritating problem keep happening it get's WORSE.

The real slap in the face is there's no easy to find or copy fix for it NOR is there any attempt by Mozilla to fix it.  The problem just keeps getting worse and harder to fix.  You just can't seem to work out this bug.

I shouldn't have to go into the Registry or tinker with IE to fix your shortcomings, especially for an upgrade to Firefox that was installed over a working version.

I have small newsletter that has a built in blurb about being more secure with Firefox because for the most part I'm pleased with Firefox.  That may come to a halt though because of this same simple stupid, recurring email problem.

The ball is in your court now.  Previous fixes for this error don't seem to work with this version I've spent the better part of a day trying to fix it.  I'm tired and I'm fed up trying to fix this same dumb problem.