Clicking on "Reload All Tabs" doesn't, but clicking "Reload Tab" for each tab individually does.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.7.12) Gecko/20050920 Firefox/1.0.7 SUSE/1.0.7-0.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.7.12) Gecko/20050920 Firefox/1.0.7 SUSE/1.0.7-0.1

To reproduce this problem, set up the conditions first: Firefox running with multiple tabs.  Exit Firefox.  Disconnect networking.  Reboot.  Load Firefox if necessary.  It should show multiple tabs with favicons, but obviously will not be able to load remote webpages.  Of course local pages load fine.  Re-establish network connection.

Trial #1:  Right click on a tab.  In the menu select "Reload all tabs".  The webpages under the various tabs don't load.  (In fact, "Reload tab" will now no longer work.)

Trial #2: Set up initial conditions again (paragraph 1). Right click on a tab.  In the menu select "Reload tab". This will work fine for each tab individually.

Trial #3: Set up initial conditions again (paragraph 1). Right click on a tab.  In the menu select "Reload tab" for one or two tabs.  They work fine.  Now right click on a tab and select "Reload all tabs".  Remaining, not yet loaded tabs fail.

Obviously "Reload all tabs" is broken, not invoking the correct function.  But this should be relatively easy to fix.

Note that the email address for my account is no longer valid.  Current good email address is street@speakeasy.net.

Thanks for your kind attention to this matter.


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
To reproduce this problem, set up the conditions first: Firefox running with multiple tabs.  Exit Firefox.  Disconnect networking.  Reboot.  Load Firefox if necessary.  It should show multiple tabs with favicons, but obviously will not be able to load remote webpages.  Of course local pages load fine.  Re-establish network connection.

Trial #1:  Right click on a tab.  In the menu select "Reload all tabs".  The webpages under the various tabs don't load.  (In fact, "Reload tab" will now no longer work.)

Trial #2: Set up initial conditions again (paragraph 1). Right click on a tab.  In the menu select "Reload tab". This will work fine for each tab individually.

Trial #3: Set up initial conditions again (paragraph 1). Right click on a tab.  In the menu select "Reload tab" for one or two tabs.  They work fine.  Now right click on a tab and select "Reload all tabs".  Remaining, not yet loaded tabs fail.

Obviously "Reload all tabs" is broken, not invoking the correct function. 


Actual Results:  
Webpages in multiple tabs don't load.


Expected Results:  
Webpages in multiple tabs do load.


I've used two different themes on this desktop.  This bug occurs in exactly the same way for both.

Changed the keybindings from the default (brain-dead arrow keys) to Emacs bindings (YEA!!!!) and the bug happens the same way with both.

"Reload all tabs" also messes up history ("Go back one page" drop-down) when a tabbed window has no "one page back".  (Sorry, this is hard to explain.  I'd have to show you.)  But fixing the "Reload all tabs" should make this problem moot.