I need advice on: how to download and install Mozilla Firefox 1.5 safely and to use it to browse the web and to be able to re-use Outlook Express and Outlook, after problems seemingly associated with downloading and installing Mozilla Firefox 1.5 to up...
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.7.12) Gecko/20050919 Firefox/1.0.7
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.7.12) Gecko/20050919 Firefox/1.0.7

I have been using Mozilla Firefox 1.0.7 to access the web via the Freeserve dial up ISP and then to browse the web via the Homepage Google facility and also to use Outlook Express for e-mails.

When I downloaded and installed Mozilla Firefox 1.5, I was immediately not able to browse the web via the Mozilla Firefox Homepage although the ISP site was connected and it was registering as trying to make the connection to Mozilla Firefox. 

I was also immediately unable to access my e-mails through Outlook Express or Outlook, despite the fact that the Freeserve ISP site was connected. Outlook Express was “connecting” but it never connected.

I was able to continue to browse the web with Internet Explorer and to access my e-mails through the relatively cumbersome procedure of access to the Wanadoo “Webmail” site!

I have checked the Freeserve and Outlook Express Accounts settings with Wanadoo and although they were correct, we uninstalled and re-installed them to ensure there were no errors.

I have since uninstalled Mozilla Firefox 1.5 and reinstalled Mozilla Firefox 1.0.7 a few times. 

Whenever Mozilla Firefox 1.0.7 is installed, I am able to browse the web via the Homepage Google facility, but am always unable to browse the web when Mozilla Firefox 1.5 is installed.

However, since the installation of Mozilla Firefox 1.5, I have been unable to access my e-mails through Outlook Express or Outlook, even when Mozilla Firefox 1.0.7 is re-installed and have had to use the Wanadoo “Webmail” site!

Please can I have advice on how:

1.	To download and install Mozilla Firefox 1.5 safely and to use it to browse the web.
2.	To be able to re-use Outlook Express and Outlook.

Yours sincerely,
Dr. J. J. O’Brien.


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. I have since uninstalled and reinstalled Mozilla Firefox 1.5 and reinstalled Mozilla Firefox 1.0.7 a few times. 
2.I have checked and re-installed ISP and Outlook Express "Account" data, even though they were correct

Actual Results:  
I am able to continue to browse the web with Mozilla Firefox 1.0.7 and Internet Explorer but not with Mozilla Firefox 1.5 
I also remain unable to access e-mails through Outlook Express and Outlook through either Mozilla Firefox 1.0.7 or Internet Explorer . 

Expected Results:  
I should have been able to connect to Mozilla Firefox with Mozilla Firefox 1.5 
installed.
I shold have been able to access e-mails through Outlook Express and Outlook through either Mozilla Firefox 1.0.7, Mozilla Firefox 1.5  or Internet Explorer .