2 Scrolling issues: horizontal scroll and scrolling with keyboard
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.0.1) Gecko/20060111 Firefox/1.5.0.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.0.1) Gecko/20060111 Firefox/1.5.0.1

I believe these two problems are the same issue because they have a common symptom.

1: Horizontal scroll:  When viewing any page that requires horiztonal scrolling, the tilt wheel of my MS Wireless IntelliMouse Explorer 2.0 causes a text-insertion cursor to scroll through whatever text is visible on screen, it does not scroll the page horizontaly.  For pages formatted with tables, frames, or other methods of formatting columns on web pages, there is no way to use this to see the obscured columns.

2: Keyboard scrolling:  If I've scrolled partway down a page with the scroll wheel on my mouse and then for any reason switch to using the nav controls on the keyboard, my first scroll action in any direction always results in the page scrolling up to wherever the text-insertion cursor happens to be, even if I'm near the bottom of the page.

Note that the common item in both of these problem is "the text-insertion cursor".  Firefox appears to be treating the entire web page as an editable field and gives both the "I-beam" mouse cursor when hovering over text AND a blinking insertion-point cursor on the page even when not in a text-entry field.  Firefox is the only program on my system that does this.  More specifically, MSIE 6 properly scrolls horizontally when wiggling the tilt wheel on the mouse.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. View a page that needs scrolling horizontally and attempt to do so
2. Scroll a page vertically with the mouse and then with the keyboard

Actual Results:  
As described in the Details.

Expected Results:  
1:  Pressing sideways on the tilt wheel should scroll the page horizontally, not scroll through the text onscreen.

2:  Switching from using the scroll wheel to the keyboard to scroll a page should scroll from the current window position, not jump back up.

Does not matter what theme I use, including the default theme.  This cannot be a mouse driver issue because Firefox is the only program this happens in.

The scrollbars work, as does setting the mouse to auto-scroll when pushing the tilt-wheel-button straight down.