Firefox no longer works after automatic update to 1.5.0.2
User-Agent:       Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 6.0; Windows NT 5.1; SV1; .NET CLR 1.1.4322)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.0.2) Gecko/20060308 Firefox/1.5.0.2

I was just browsing away as normal and I got an "update now" message from mozilla asking me to allow it to automatically update. As I've done this in the past with no issues I was happy to oblige. It went through the motions, closing my browser window and running the setup and eventually opened up a new firefox browser with the annoying message : 

Unable to connect 
Firefox can't establish a connection to the server at www.mozilla.org 

...as if i no longer had an internet connection. So I thought "oh ok, my connection must have dropped"...so I stopped and restarted my connection and tried the browser again...same message. A little worried now I thought I'd try a common site, only to get the message : 

Unable to connect 
Firefox can't establish a connection to the server at www.google.com 

In the vain hope that I was still having connection issues I decided to open up IE....which turned out to work just fine, hence why I can type this post. 

I've restarted my machine twice since and it still comes up with the same "unable to connect" errors with a variety of different websites.  Something happened when the browser was updated but I don't know what!  Please help, I really don't want to be forced to have to go back to using IE!!

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open Browser
2.
3.

Actual Results:  
I always keep my browser up-to-date, so I would say that it is safe to say I was updating from the latest version before 1.5.0.2.  All I did was click "yes" when asked if i wanted to restart my browser with the latest update.

Expected Results:  
It should have just carried on as normal, but instead it doesn't allow me to view any websites at all.

Here is my BuildConfig in case it helps...

about:buildconfig

Build platform
target
i586-pc-msvc

Build tools
Compiler 	Version 	Compiler flags
$(CYGWIN_WRAPPER) cl 	12.00.8804 	-TC -nologo -W3 -Gy -Fd$(PDBFILE)
$(CYGWIN_WRAPPER) cl 	12.00.8804 	-TP -nologo -W3 -Gy -Fd$(PDBFILE)

Configure arguments
--enable-application=browser --enable-update-channel=release --enable-optimize --disable-debug --disable-tests --enable-static --disable-shared --enable-official-branding --enable-svg --enable-canvas --enable-update-packaging