Toolbars bloated and can no longer be easily configured
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1b1) Gecko/20060807 BonEcho/2.0b1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1b1) Gecko/20060807 BonEcho/2.0b1

Starting with the "Search"-button being linked to the search-bar, new buttons have been forced upon the user without being removable. 

Today we have 3 exaples of this trend:
1) The "Search"-button is linked to the search-bar. You can't remove one without the other.
2) The "Go"-button is linked to the location-bar. You can't remove one without the other.
3) The "List All Tabs"-button can not be removed at all.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Right-click on the toolbar. 
2. Select customize
3. Drag the "Go" (or "Search")-Button to the newly opened window.

Actual Results:  
The "Go"- or "Search"-buttons also remove the location- or search-bar.

Expected Results:  
Removing the button should not result in the removal of the attached bar.

Generally it is known, that all the toolbars can be configured using CSS. So even these problems could be solved. So the real problem is the principle behind these changes: forcing new buttons on users (that is: creating bloat and taking away space in the already crowded toolbars), without giving them the option to easily remove them.

Requiring the usage of CSS or about:config for some changes is valid. But toolbars should be easily configurable. That's the reason why the "Customize"-option was introduced in the first place.

So here's the solution:
1) Each and every button and bar should be removable by itself. Never link two buttons or a button with a bar.

2) Each and every button and bar should be removable in the first place. Introduce new features involving new buttons or toolbars by turning them on by default. But allow the user to remove them separately.

3) If one button does not make much sense without another button or bar, Firefox may notify the user and recommend to remove or keep both. But generally, a bar is always usable without a button (there's the "enter"-key, which next to every user knows by now).