Add a Keyword for this Search should pre-select 'Quick Searches' folder in the 'Create In' dropdown, or at least give option to.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1b2) Gecko/20060821 Firefox/2.0b2
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1b2) Gecko/20060821 Firefox/2.0b2

When a user right-clicks in a Search form on any webpage, the context menu prompts them to 'Add a Keyword for this Search'. By it's very nature, this is (according to the pre-packaged Bookmarks folder) a 'Quick Search'. Therefore, it should, by default - be placed in the 'Quick Searches' bookmarks folder. Instead, the dialog box that appears prompts the user to enter in all the info and the default location to place that bookmark is in the root of the Bookmarks folder.

It's no wonder it's a little-known/little used feature of Firefox!
I 'converted' a family member this week and helped him get set up on Firefox - I turn my attention away for 30 seconds and he's already deleted the 'Quick Searches' folder!!

I seem to recall bringing up this issue 6months-to-a-year ago, but was told "Places is coming! Don't worry about it!".

Places is not here, and as I don't know how it will handle Keywords, my suggestion may be of use anyway. (see consideration, below)

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Right-click on webpage's Search form.
2. Select "Add Keyword for this Search" from the context menu.
3. Note tha the 'Create in' location is set to (the root folder) 'Bookmarks'.




A point for consideration:
- Some people may move or delete the Quick Searches folder. Therefore, the simplest solution to avoid issues might be to do an 'if exist' (however that is done) and if 'Quick Searches' does not exist, prompt the user with an Alert briefly explaining that this is the suggested location. It could offer 3 choices:
1) a "Create it now?" option
2) a "Select a new location for Quick Searches folder" option, and store the new location info for future use.
3) a "allow me to always decide" option, in which case the "Bookmarks"(root) would always be pre-selected.