Mac 2.0b2 cannot sort bookmarks automatically, such as by name
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8.1b2) Gecko/20060821 Firefox/2.0b2
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8.1b2) Gecko/20060821 Firefox/2.0b2

I downloaded the 2.0b2 a week ago and could not sort bookmarks by name. I downloaded it again today and it still does not work. This is for the Mac version only. I have no idea what happens with the Linux or Windows versions. With Firefox 1.5, I clicked down and held the mouse on a bookmark and a second or two later, a menu would come up and one of the options would be to sort by name. The new version does not have a menu come up when I click on a bookmark. I have not found any other way to sort bookmarks. You can click the top of the bookmark manager where it says "name" or you can go to the view menu and select "sort by name", but that just changes the view while you are in the bookmark manager. It does not change the location of the bookmarks. I have a mouse with only one button, if that matters. I've seen some ungodly ones with multiple buttons. ;-)

This is a big bug for me, as I have thousands of bookmarks that are precisely ordered. Firefox's awful bookmark handling is the only thing it does not (as of Firefox 1.5) do better than Mac Internet Explorer 5.2.3 (the last version for Mac), which was a masterpiece of bookmark management (Safari is somehow even worse than Firefox for bookmarks). You should be able to rename bookmarks by clicking on their names and entering it right in the window that the bookmark is in, move multiple bookmarks by selecting them with the mouse, sort bookmarks for real, rather than just viewing in the bookmark manager, by clicking "name" at the top of the bookmark manager window, and open bookmark folders in their own windows, just like Explorer could. I'd pay a lot for a browser that could do that. 

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open Firefox
2. Open the bookmark manager
3. Click on a bookmark and hold the button down and nothing will show up

Actual Results:  
No sort menu

Expected Results:  
Given a sort menu