Add option to disable search engine autodiscovery notification (search bar glow)
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1) Gecko/20061003 Firefox/2.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1) Gecko/20061003 Firefox/2.0

New feature of upcoming Ff2.0 is search engine management and option for web pages to provide plugs for such search engines.

Presence of site specific search engine in standard theme is indicated by "glowing" up search engine selection button.

The problem is that "glowing" effect isn't optional and to turn it off I have to add the engine, what messes up my search engine list.

Scenario: I want to have 2 engines only so that switching would be very fast. But now I have to have 8 so that there would be no glow on sites I have to work with every day. This of course messes up my search engines by useless to me bloat.

That's not the same as SSL indication - which is active only when I work with SSL protected site (and that's rather important bit). RSS indication is also not that annoying, since it is normally available only for particular pages with news lines only.

The search engines are normally available for whole site - what means that the button glows on every page I visit, what is redundant and needless to say very irritating.

In other words I want to have and option to turn that glow off. I still might want to add engine from a site - but I do not need to told every time that I can do that.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. go to www.theregister.co.uk - it glows
2. open any article - it still glows
3. open any other article - it glows again
4. open en.wikipedia.org - it glows no mater what
5. open any article - it glows regardless
Actual Results:  
Search engine selection button glows every time.

Expected Results:  
Search engine selection button doesn't glow at all.

Also as I noted in comment to other bug, mix of blue and gray used for glow is really bad color combination. (I might opine also that Home Page button color in new theme is also stands out too much: brown + gray also mix poorly. I had to remove from toolbar so that it wouldn't irritate my eyes. Previous white icon was fitting gray interface better.)

P.S. Only workaround I know is to install Google Toolbar and replace standard Ff search with Google's one. But that's again degradation of functionality.