New tabbar prohibits display all tabs at once & direct access
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1) Gecko/20061010 Firefox/2.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1) Gecko/20061010 Firefox/2.0

The new tab design in 2.0 doesn't allow the _option_ of seeing all tabs at once on one line as the old one did.  Some people complained about tabs overflowing on their tiny screens -- I have a a 1600x1200 screen (have for over 10 years) and am hoping to move to a 1920x1200 or 2-monitor 2400x1600 arrangement.

The new design was made for people using hardware designed more than a decade ago.  While it's nice to have the option to scroll for smaller screens, it's quite annoying now to have to click a side scroll widget 10-30 times to access tabs, then have to click another 10-30 times to get back to the tab you were on.  
There is also no way to close multiple (not all) tabs leaving your cursor position unchanged.  Having to reposition my cursor and find the "x" each time I close a tab is irritating on my RSI;  The previous interface allowed 1-click access.  Now, I find my normal mouse hand gets fatigued more quickly using FF for a long stint due to too many mouse motions to adjust/maintain a large number of tabs.  I used to open 30-40 tabs, when doing searches and *everyday* when reading news items off of a page like google --- where I want to open all the articles of interest, then go and read them.  Problem comes up if you want to read a tab out of order -- which is very often: frequently, when reading an article, it refers to something else I want to read -- so I open those items in a tab.  I open them because I am specifically interested in a _related_ topic.  Thus I want to read them out of order -- they are now scrolled off the screen to the far right;  I have to either scroll a bunch of times, or try to pick out what the article name is off the side scrollbar menu.  That is often not evident -- someone has often linked a 1-3 word phrase to a web-page, but the web page title is usually something quite different than the 1-3 word hyperlinked phrase.

I moved to a larger display a decade ago to get away from the problem of not having enough screen real-estate to display everything I wanted at the same time.  Now the interface has to be dumbed down to people using screen sizes from ages ago.  As I said above -- it's fine to offer scrolling for tiny screens, but it's not fine to force everyone who doesn't choose to a tiny screen into the new, more complex and more difficult to use interface.  

Why wasn't the scrolling made an option?  Like a config:

|x|  Scroll tabs when more than |___| tabs are open.
|x|  Scroll tabs when tabsize becomes less than |___| pixels wide.

It seems these are simple design ops -- why weren't these chosen?  And please don't ask why I didn't speak up before 2.0 was crippled.  Since I had a wide screen, I wasn't even aware of the small screen users complaining about the previous choice.  I didn't have the bug they referred to.  Now, the new interface fixes a bug that I didn't have, but fixes it in a way to break the previous functionality.

Why not make it configurable?  That way small screen users can config it to a small value, and people using larger screens (who need them for various reasons; larger fontsize; less scrolling; both ones applying to me) aren't penalized by the small screen config.



Reproducible: Always