FireFox 2.0 will not display a >1.4 MB page that has been gzipped (IE will)
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; nl; rv:1.8.1.1) Gecko/20061204 Firefox/2.0.0.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; nl; rv:1.8.1.1) Gecko/20061204 Firefox/2.0.0.1

I'm the admin of the crossfire.nu site, which is a community site for the game Wolfenstein: Enemy Territory. Recently a cheater site has been hacked and all their member info (thus players using cheats in the game) have been exposed, and the results have published on crossfire.nu here:

http://www.crossfire.nu/?x=forum&mode=item&id=2652

The drama resulting from these cheaters made public has resulted in the page getting over 1000 comments and rising, so that the page got fairly huge (>1.6MB at the time of writing). Now, by default all the pages on Crossfire are compressed using gzip. However, for this page in particular, FireFix will not display it. It just shows a blank page with no content, and the URL as the page title. All other pages still work fine, just this one doesn't. It also works fine in IE 7. When I turn the compression off, the page loads again. But, it's then eating up our bandwidth as we have about 400 users refreshing the page every few seconds, resulting in 640MB+ bandwidth every few seconds.

So we're in a no-win situation here. Either we don't compress the page and have the site run slow because the bandwidth is getting pounded, or we do compress it and leave 85% of our users unable to view the one page all the fuss is about.

I figure it has something to do with FireFox being unable to render gzipped pages over a certain size, as all the other (significantly smaller) pages still worked, and IE 7 loaded the page just fine as well. And I thought I'd let you know.

I'm not sure whether or not the server has anything to do with this. I tried reproducing this error by outputting a copy of the page on another server also using gzip compression, and it seemed to work fine there. So that might imply that the server has something to do with it (perhaps a limit on the amount of gzip-compressed data sent), but then why does IE7 render the page correctly ?

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
Unfortunately I cannot let the page reproduce the bug for reasons explained above. However, I am willing to show you for a brief instant if required, but I can't leave the page blank to 85% of our users in these troubled times :o)
Actual Results:  
FireFox 2.0 just shows an empty, blank page with the URL of the page as the page title.

Expected Results:  
I expected it to render the page as normal, without failing.

I have a few add-ons to my FireFox installation:
FlashGot 0.5.97.03
Free Download Manager plugin 1.0
ChatZilla 0.9.77
Web Developer 1.0.2

However, I don't believe these matter, as the instant I put on the compression again, I get spammed by lots of people that the site isn't working :) So it's not just me.