Cannot complete Firefox 2 installation - Google popup window won't go away
User-Agent:       Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 6.0; Windows NT 5.1; SV1; YPC 3.2.0; yplus 5.1.04b)
Build Identifier: Firefox 2.0.0.1

I am having trouble installing Firefox 2.0.0.1 on Windows XP Professional from
http://www.mozilla.com/en-US/firefox/
using your site provided install script.  (either saved or executed from  run option).  The following
has happened on 5 separate install attempts.
 
After trying to install Firefox numerous times I always 
get a pop up window (from Google?)
 
"Google  Thanks for Installing the Google Toolbar.
Select your search site ...
Use google as my default ...
....
....
                                                                Finish
 
The Finish button is not highlighted and is inoperative.
The "X" kill-window button kills the window but another like window pops up.....
Behind this window, there is a Firefox window 
url http:\\en-us.www.mozilla.com/en-US/firefox/2.0/firstrun/ 
that appears to be valid (cannot access it due to the popup window that I cannot get rid of.)  Also a fox icon is placed on the desktop.  If I kill the running process "Welcome to Firefox - Mozilla Firefox" all the windows associated with installing Firefox go away.  If I then use the "fox icon" on the desktop I end up with the same &^$^& Google window that I can't Finish or kill.  This happens whether I resume the previous session or start a new session.
 
 Do I need to install any other software from Mozilla other than Firefox 2.0?   All other software on the PC is working normally.


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Install Firefox from above website using Windows XP Professional
2.Use "standard options" when installing
3.
Actual Results:  
As described above - happens every time

Expected Results:  
I expected a firefox browser but got

"Google  Thanks for Installing the Google Toolbar.
Select your search site ...
Use google as my default ...
....
....
                                                                Finish



Let me get rid of the Google message window