Firefox 2.0.0.2 tries to open unauthorised random port at startup; if port access is refused, Firefox cannot access web sites
User-Agent:       Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 6.0; Windows NT 5.1; SV1; .NET CLR 1.1.4322; InfoPath.1; .NET CLR 2.0.50727)
Build Identifier: 2.0.0.2

I just upgraded Firefox from 2.0.0.1 (I think) to version 2.0.0.2.
I have ZoneAlarm installed, which intercepts all connection open requests.
My PC is behind a firewall with user authentication.
Whenever I start firefox, ZoneAlarm reports me that Firefox is trying to connect to 127.0.0.1:<random port>.
The port is different every time.
If I allow ZoneAlarm to authorize the connection, Firefox starts and ZoneAlarm reports a new request of Firefox to connect to a random local port.
Again, if I authorise this connection, Firefox is then capable of connecting to the firewall, and then to the Internet.

On the contrary, if I refuse either the first or the second connection authorisation, Firefox reports a problem in the connection to the proxy, and I cannot access Internet anymore.
I have then to quit Firefox.


allows me to 

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. launch Firefox 2.0.0.2
2. ZoneAlarm request the authorisation to allow Firefox connect to 127.0.0.1:<random port>
3. do not authorise the connection
4. Firefox starts
5. ask Firefox to open any URL on the Internet
6. Firefox reports not to be able to connect to the proxy
Actual Results:  
If I authorise Firefox's connections to the random local ports, Firefox behaves as expected;
on the contrary, if I refuse to authorise the connection, Firefox is no more able to connect to the proxy, and then to the Internet

Expected Results:  
Obviously, Firefox should correctly connect to the proxy, and then to the requested site

this problem was not present in Firefx 2.0.0.1.

I upgraded Firefox this morning, and the problem immediately shown up.

I cannot understand why Firefox should try to open local connections without being requested, so I think this is a potential security issue.