Everytime I seem to have pages on ebay open my browser and computer slows down massively every few seconds to no end.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.4) Gecko/20070515 Firefox/2.0.0.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.4) Gecko/20070515 Firefox/2.0.0.4

Every time I seem to have pages on ebay open my browser and computer slows down massively every few seconds to no end. When I try to type things in ebay's email system the browser will start processing something and what I type is delayed for over 10 seconds sometimes seemingly longer and it happens after a mere two words.

I got only once, and after many days of this occurring, this message that I have never seen before:

A script in this movie is causing Adobe Flash Player 9 to run slowly. If it continues to run...

I just now thought I discovered the culprit: The very first tab showed itself loading, and it was from a site called teenspot.com which shows flash banners on top on various pages. When I clicked the tab a message popped up saying:

"Adobe player has stopped a potentially unsafe" blah blah blah. And then I noted I had another site on teenspot open, and when I looked at the page I saw this error message where the flash banner was:

400 Bad Request

Bad request: GET http://images.teenspot.com/ads/topbanner_ros.html HTTP/1.1

The strange thing was, was that on the other first page, the flash banner had still been running apparently.

Well, I've closed both teenspot sites and now things are much better, although I can still hear my harddrive crunching away ever few seconds even now.

Okay now it just got heavy again and firefox delayed my typing. It did it again and the browser went into "not responding" mode this time when I just switched tabs to see if any other flash ads are running. This sucks.

Please forward this problem to adobe.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open multiple tabs to various websites especially ones on ebay.

2. Ask sellers questions on various auction sites about the items they are selling (there are seller "ask" links on ebay's auction sites)

3. Wait for the browser to slow tremendously as you type.
Actual Results:  
Duh.

Expected Results:  
Duh.