Firefox loads & runs with default features when launched by another application
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.7) Gecko/20070914 Firefox/2.0.0.7
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.7) Gecko/20070914 Firefox/2.0.0.7

When I click on a URL hyperlink or use a feature of another application such as Thunderbird to launch Firefox, it loads with what appears to be the default configuration.  Only the Navigation toolbar is loaded, the back/forward arrows are on the extreme left, there are no buttons for extensions, and the Google search field follows the Location field.  If I then reload Firefox, it displays   the same features as if I executed it via the Start Menu (Navigation & Bookmark toolbars, Google search feature on the Bookmark toolbar under the Location field of the Navigation toolbar, and buttons for many of the extensions that I use, etc.).  This behavior began after I upgraded from version 2.0.0.6 to 2.0.0.7.

NOTE:  if Firefox is already loaded and running, then it will open a "tab" for a  hyperlink, irrespective of whether a tab is appropriate, instead of launching another instance of itself.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Execute Thunderbird.
2. Find an e-mail message that contains a hyperlink.
3. Double-click on the hyperlink to load and execute Firefox.  NOTE:  if FF is already loaded and running, then it will open a "tab" for that URL, irrespective of whether a tab is appropriate, instead of launching another instance of itself.
Actual Results:  
As described in Details above.

Expected Results:  
That Firefox will load and run with the features and their configuration that I have specified, as it does when run from the Start Menu or desktop shortcuts.

I use the default Firefox theme.  There are no error messages or other indications of an error state, excepting, of course, the appearance and features of Firefox itself.  The remedy is to reload Firefox, but it is possible that it will lose the location it is initially displaying.  In that case, I'm not sure that it will be on the History list.