Firefox 3.0rc2 "Open All in Tabs" clobbers current tab with focus, creates new tabs just to right of this
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008052906 Firefox/3.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008052906 Firefox/3.0

System:
* AMD64 3000+/2GB RAM/80GB HD
* Windows XP SP3 with all patches
* Firefox 3.0rc2

I recently uninstalled Firefox 2.0.0.14 and installed 3.0rc2 to test it out.  Thus far it works well except for two issues (the other I will document elsewhere).

A feature I use daily is the 'Open All In Tabs' feature.  In Firefox 2.x, I recall in earlier versions having to tweak some preference setting in about:config to make sure that opening a folder of bookmarks did not replace the currently opened tabs (I notice this preference is still there and set correctly).  But what I am seeing is that if I right-click a folder in my bookmarks menu or toolbar and select 'Open All in Tabs', the currently selected tab is replaced with the first bookmark from that folder, and then new tabs are added just to the right of the currently selected tab, pushing existing tabs that may have been there further to the right.  The key problem is the clobbering of an existing page vs. just creating a new tab for the first bookmark in the folder.

I tried disabling what few addons I use by running in Safe Mode, but same problem.  I created a new profile and tried it there with the default set of bookmarks which include a folder of bookmarks, and same problem.

I have dug through about:config, even comparing v2.0.0.14 to v3.0rc2, and while I have found a few entries that exist in v2 that are not in v3, creating/mimicking them did not help.

This appears to be a bug.  And not sure if the intention is for new tabs to be created right after the currently selected tab.  In Firefox v2, regardless of which tab has focus, doing an 'Open All in Tabs' caused all bookmarks to open in new tabs at the right end of the list of tabs, NOT just after the tab with focus.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.  Create new profile in Firefox (firefox.exe --ProfileManager) (for completeness).
2.  Once launched, have two tabs open to pages of your choice.
3.  Click Bookmarks, scroll down to folder, right-click, and select 'Open All in Tabs'.
4.  Watch fiasco unfold.

Actual Results:  
Page in tab with focus is replaced by first bookmark in folder.
Remaining bookmarks open in new tabs created just to the right of the tab that had focus when 'Open All in Tabs' was selected.

Expected Results:  
Page in tab with focus is left alone, each bookmark in folder from which 'Open All in Tabs' selected--including the first one--are loaded in new tabs which are created at the right end of the current list of tabs.

If the intention in v3 is for new tabs to be created just after the current tab with focus, it might be nice to offer users the option to have v2 functionality.


If you need any further testing done, please do not hesitate to ask.