expose / provide basic user prefs, auto image resize, new tab homepage, save file page <title>
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9pre) Gecko/2008061008 Minefield/3.0pre
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9pre) Gecko/2008061008 Minefield/3.0pre

I think that this "leave features out that can be added through extensions" policy is being taken a bit too far.

1. Automatic image resizing preference, why is it in the about:config? it is not an "advanced" preference that can break something, in fact it is a very common thing for a regular user to want to change. the default setting is, of course, a matter of personal opinion, but the ease of changing is not.

2. Saving files with the .html extension. Not only is it an awful default, there is simply no way, other than through an extension, to save the file with the page's <title> attribute. this made sense to who? once again, the default makes no sense, and the lack of an alternative makes even less sense. if anything, it should be <title> by default, and actual file name through an about:config setting.

3. where is the setting to open homepage in a new tab? call me old fashioned, but i didnt think this was the kind of fat that needed trimming, why would this be removed? it is a oft-used setting and for many, expected/desired behavior. yes i know you can middle click the "home" button, but you cant "click" with ctrl+t.

4. Merged forward/back history. This is kind of a complicated issue. It's useful for short histories, but terrible for long ones. no one wants to scroll/mousedown past all their "back" items to get to the 2nd forward item in a large list. yes, merging them on the backend is great, but the option to have them split in the UI needs to remain. i'll let this one go since i opt for mouse gestures either way.

there are a couple of other oversights in the UI, but they are excluded from this rant, because they were not conscious decisions to cripple existing and useful/exposed settings or changing defaults.

mildly annoyed...for needing to install 4 or 5 extensions that should simply be (or at one point, were) a checkbox setting in the default UI, let alone defaults.

Leon

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.
2.
3.