Blog editing error in Firefox 3
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.14) Gecko/20080404 Firefox/2.0.0.14
Build Identifier: Firefox 3 (not installed any longer)

To whom it concerns,
I have downloaded the new Firefox 3 and found that it has a serious problem that I and others are experiencing. I tried posting to the support forum but found that I can't even do that because of this problem. What I learned tonight is that the weather service blog that I use is not compatible with Firefox 3 in the blog or comment edit mode. Apparently this same problem exists with Firefox 3 and the Firefox Support forums since I was unable to post anything in the forum. The weather service that I am referring to is called The Weather Underground and is based in Michigan and California. I have had problems with Firefox 2 with character limitation while editing my blog also. I never had any problems with Firefox 1.5. What I'm experiencing now with Firefox 3, and you need to know that many other users on The Weather Underground are having the same problem, is after a post is made to a comment area, it's impossible to edit the post. When a change is made, the screen blooms and the computer has to be refreshed to restore the screen to normal. Afterwards is becomes apparent that the changes to the blog or comment have not been made. This problem doesn't show up in Firefox 2 or 1.5 and not IE6 either. I don't understand why this was not caught before releasing this product. This is a serious problem. 

Note that I have since removed Firefox 3 from my computer (which turned into a real nightmare) and am using Firefox 2, Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.14) Gecko/20080404 Firefox/2.0.0.14, currently. Also note that the URL I gave is only important up to the section "/comment.html". The information after that is to identify the particular user of this service. Everyone that I've talked to who has tried the new Firefox 3 release has found the same exact problems on any blog at the Weather Underground. This problem appears to be unique to Firefox 3. I don't do any blogs on any other service so I'm not aware if this problem occurs on any other service.


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Blog contents are posted with out problem.
2. Using the blog edit feature to make changes or corrections to blog or comments in blog appears to work just fine until the post button is clicked.
3. Then the screen image of the blog blooms and get distorted with parts of the blog image ending up in the wrong locations. Basically the image gets torn up and repasted like a jig saw puzzle.
4. Doing a refresh or reload of the URL corrects the screen image of the blog, but then it becomes apparent that nothing of the edited contents got posted to th blog or comment.
5. I have tried this many times with the same results every time.

Actual Results:  
Posting the first time to a blog or comment box works just fine.
Trying to change the blog or comment results in a screwed up screen only.
Nothing of the changed contents makes it to the blog or comment box.


Expected Results:  
Changes made to a blog or comment normally appear with in 30 seconds after posting or making changes.


I have used Internet Explorer 6 and Firefox versions from 1.5 to the current version of 2.0.0.14 and all post to The Weather Underground blogs just fine with no problems in editing a blog or comment with one exception. I have recently noticed that Version 2.0.0.14 of Firefox runs into a character limitation on my blog when trying to make changes that I've never noticed before. This problem is separate from the problem Version 3 of Firefox which for some reason doesn't have the character limitation issue. It just doesn't post changes made to the blog period.