Flash 9 in FF3 crashes on this web page trying to load a movie
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008052906 Firefox/3.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008052906 Firefox/3.0

Here is a problem that was posted over in Mozilla.Support.Firefox on June 24 
entitled "FF3 Crashes on this Webpage."  It has been thoroughly thrashed out 
there but with no solution.  I bring it here seeking a solution because 
there seems to be a conflict between FF3 and Win XP.  I am not the OP and I 
hope by bringing it here I have not offended this NG or 
Mozilla.Support.Firefox in any way.

Briefly, the problem is that this site http://www.ramonadisposal.com causes 
a crash in Firefox and produces an error message saying,"Firefox has 
encountered a problem an needs to close...." The error signature is:

    AppName: firefox.exe
    Appversion 1.9.0.3071 ModName ntdll.dll
    ModVer 5.1.2600.5512

and seems to occur when Flash Player tries to show the large image in the 
upper right corner of the site. The small image on the left displays 
correctly.

Now for the specifics.

I have Firefox 3 installed on my Laptop and my desktop.  Both are running XP 
Home SP3 and Adobe Flash Player 9.0.124.0. The laptop renders the site just 
fine but the desktop produces the error above.  I installed Firefox on both 
machines from my administrative account (MAIN). If I go to this site while 
running as MAIN the error occurs.  HOWEVER, if I switch to the guest account 
or any other account including the Administrator, the site renders with no 
problems. That seems very strange to me.

What I have done:

I have compared the Firefox prefs.js and user.js files on both machines and 
they are identical.

I have used the FF Profile manager to run FF on the desktop with the 
laptop's profile but the problem still exits.

I have deleted FF on the Desktop and installed it again.  No luck

Running FF in the safe mode (firefox.exe -safemode) doesn't solve the 
problem.  Likewise, booting XP into safe mode doesn't either.

Will someone please give me some help on getting FF to display this site 
correctly from my MAIN account on the desktop.

Thank you very much. 



Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Simply go to www.ramonadisposal.com
2.
3.
Actual Results:  
I get the system error message state above

Expected Results:  
Web page displays the image(movie)