After closing a new tab that is a diverted new window, Firefox should return to the originating (parent) tab, but only if no tab switching has occurred after the new tab was opened
A feature implemented a couple years ago was: "After closing a new tab that was a diverted new window, Firefox should return to the originating (parent) tab, but only if no tab switching has occurred after the new tab was opened".  This was a feature that was originally described in Bug 279574 and implemented in Bug 308396, but has recently regressed in the trunk for me.  

I have further tested it in the official release 3.0.1 on Vista, but even more oddly, I can't even get the steps to reproduce the bug to work there, and not because it is functioning properly there, but because something further is going wrong where the link isn't even being diverted to a new tab, but, instead being opening in the same tab.  

Gavin Sharp told me to open a new bug report about this, since the other one was a few years old, so here are the preliminary steps to reproduce, at least, in the trunk.  Try it in the offical release and see what you get, as well.

Steps to reproduce:
1.) Set browser.link.open_newwindow.restriction to 0 and make sure browser.link.open_newwindow is set to 3.
2.) Go to http://www.htmlcodetutorial.com/linking/linking_famsupp_170.html, but don't click on anything there yet.
3.) Open another tab to the right of this one, and it can be blank.
4.) Go back to the first tab you just opened.
5.) Click on the "My popup" part of the image map.
6.) Close this tab that has just popped up.

Expected results:
Firefox will switch back to the tab where you clicked the link.

Actual results:
Firefox switches to the second tab (the one that was to the left of the one you just closed).

As far as what it is I am experiencing on the official release build, I can't figure it out, as I don't know of any other setting that deals with diverting a new window to a new tab but the ones I have listed above.


Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1a1pre) Gecko/2008071903 Minefield/3.1a1pre ID:2008071903