Private browsing prevents read from disk in addition to write to disk, disabling many websites
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.5; en-US; rv:1.9.1b3pre) Gecko/20081130 Minefield/3.1b3pre
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.5; en-US; rv:1.9.1b3pre) Gecko/20081130 Minefield/3.1b3pre

If you enable private browsing, then many websites that rely upon cookies fail to work.  For example, Yahoo Mail will not allow you to log into its site, because it can not set a cookie, and it can not receive a cookie from your hard drive.  Compare this behavior to private browsing in Safari, where all sites work, but no data about which sites you visited is recorded, and no cookies are stored.  No sites that I regularly use that require a login were fully functional in private browsing mode.

Perhaps Private Browsing could be split into two modes, or have two different levels of functionality.  One would not record any data on your machine,  The other would not send any data such as cookies to remote websites.  I question the value of the second set of functionality though, because websites already know which machines are visiting them with reasonably high certainty based on their IP address.  (Yes, an IP isn't a unique identifier, can change, and can be forged, but breaking the sites isn't really useful as a user.)

Another solution would be to copy all cookies and other data into memory, then alter only the in-memory copy when private browsing is enabled.  When it is disabled, the browser can erase the in memory copies, and use the normal on disk copies.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.  Enable private browsing
2.  Go to a site where you have a login, such as mail.yahoo.com or slashdot.org
3.  Can't log in, and no functionality available only to logged in users is available
4.  Disable private browsing
5.  Can log in (or already logged in), but browsing data is saved to the local machine.
Actual Results:  
Many websites break.  Badly.

Expected Results:  
Websites should work but data should not be altered on disk.