Adding new child folder to Bookmarks Toolbar parent folder renames other Bookmarks Toolbar parent folder.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 6.0; Windows NT 5.1; SV1; Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 6.0; Windows NT 5.1; SV1) ; MS Internet Explorer; .NET CLR 1.1.4322; .NET CLR 2.0.50727; .NET CLR 3.0.04506.30; MS-RTC LM 8; InfoPath.2)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.5) Gecko/2008120122 Firefox/3.0.5

Similar issue to #449409.

Config:  10 folders on toolbar, each folder has multiple folders within, each having several 

links.

When bookmarking a new link, and adding this link to a newly created child folder at first level 

below the parent folder on the Bookmarks Toolbar, the name of the new child folder also renames a 

different parent folder on the Bookmarks Toolbar to the same name as the new child folder.

Example:
These are the existing Bookmarks Toolbar parent folders:  Development eBay News Mail Misc Other

Let's add a new link to a new child folder in News:
1- create a new child folder in News named "US News"
2- add the new link to "US News" child folder

Result:
The "Misc" folder is renamed "US News"

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
Step 1: bookmark a new link, Ctrl+D.
Step 2: click down arrow associated with "show all the bookmarks folders" to select existing 

parent folder (folder already on toolbar).
Step 3: click "New Folder" to add child folder.
Step 4: type name for new folder (eg, "test").
Step 5: hit enter to create new folder.
Step 6: click "Done".
Actual Results:  
Step 5 renames another existing parent folder on toolbar, but not the folder adjacent to the 

parent folder.  

Step 6 preserves the new name of existing parent (toolbar) folder, while cancelling causes the 

parent folder name to revert back to what it was before.

Expected Results:  
Not renamed another existing parent folder on the Bookmarks Toobar.

Only occurs when a new child folder is created immediately below a parent folder on the toolbar, 

eg, not 2 or more levels below the parent folder.

This issue does not occur when creating folders within the Library ("Organize Bookmarks", 

Ctrl+Shift+B).

Repeating steps 1-5 changes the previously renamed parent folder ("test") to the name of the new 

child folder (eg, "test2").

Deleting the child folders (and contents) from the Library does not affect the newly renamed 

parent folder (eg, it must be renamed manually)

Closing/reopening browser has no effect on persistence.