Mozilla Firefox, Thunderbird and/or Sunbird and HP Photosmart D5363 drivers clash under Windows XP SP3
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.5) Gecko/2008120122 Firefox/3.0.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.5) Gecko/2008120122 Firefox/3.0.5

Hi  

I did a clean (new) install of Windows XP w/ SP2.  I then installed my chipset, USB, video drivers, etc.  I then installed XP SP3.  Then installed HP Photosmart D5363 package ver 10.0.0 complete (all HP's drivers and programs).  All the printer functions and preferences worked correctly.  I then installed Firefox, Thunderbird and Sunbird (latest versions).  Out of curiosity I then checked the printing preferences.  Under the Features is a Printer Services option.  Suddenly that wouldn't work - it did work before the FF, TB and SB installations.  However, I can open that HP Toolbox in the HP Solution Center, but not in the Printer Services and the only thing that changed from working correctly, wast the installation of FF, TB and SB.  I then installed the latest updates from HP - same fault.  I dunno which of FF, TB and/or SB do/does the damage (could be all three, I only checked after I installed all three, sorry I cannot be more specific).  I just thought I should let you know...    

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Install HP D5363 drivers (complete).  Open and check setup (preferences, etc), especially "Printer Services" under "Features".  They'll be functioning correctly.  
2.Install FF, TB and Sunbird.  
3.Repeat Step 1.  HP message pops up: "Unable to perform the operation".  
Actual Results:  
The printer proceeds to print.  No hassles.  I can open the Printer Services (HP Toolbox) in HP Solution Center tho.  The popup message (Unable to perform the operation) is just annoying.  I saw that with a previous installation of Windows XP SP3, but then I didn't know that the Mozilla drivers caused that HP popup message.  I then did a clean install (see Summary) and only by chance I found it was one or two or three of the FF, TB and SB drivers (or something form those) that caused the popup.

Expected Results:  
"HP Toolbox" instead of the popup message.  

See "Expected Results".