Norton 360 Phishing Protection add-on causes hang/freeze on GMail sign out
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.0.5) Gecko/2008120122 Firefox/3.0.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.0.5) Gecko/2008120122 Firefox/3.0.5

When Firefox crashes, I get to the Sign Out page (which is the same as the Sign In Page of GMail *but* the only difference is that the Sign Out page has news from the GMail Blog on it).  I believe web code originating from http://ajax.googleapis.com related to the News From the Gmail Blog when I get to the sign out page of gmail is crashing Firefox 99.9% of the time).  Sometimes right before the crash, News from the Gmail blog won't even show info.  It shows in the status bar "Connecting to http://ajax.googleapis.com..." but that's it.

I contacted Gmail (Google) Help via their Google Help Feedback form... no replies at all.  I've also uninstall/reinstalled Firefox and disabled/enabled plugins.  

I've also uninstalled Google Desktop (and updated google desktop to the latest version).  Ironically, I've searched google about this issue, and some say it's by disabling your gchat plugin but I do not have a gchat plugin.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.  Sign into Gmail
2.  Sign out of Gmail
3.  Sign out page of Gmail crashes (freezes) Firefox.
Actual Results:  
I don't think you can actually reproduce the problem unless you've been affected by this.  Since I do not know the cause of the "Sign Out Gmail" crash, the only information I can give (or ask) is how to do a clean uninstall/reinstall of Firefox (and how to delete cookies left by gmail/google in the registry).

Expected Results:  
Sign Out page of Gmail freezes.  I have to click on Close, and it gives me Close Program option on Vista.

Firefox should not crash.  I have a feeling it has something to do with ajax.googleapis.com or a website and possibly cookies related to the "News from the Gmail blogs" when I sign out.