Computer hangs when 'Clear Private Data' & 'Offline Website Data'
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.7) Gecko/2009021910 Firefox/3.0.7 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.7) Gecko/2009021910 Firefox/3.0.7 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

Recently I upgraded to Firefox 3.0.7 and over the last few days I have used Firefox heavily with multiple tabs open. I always try to 'Clear Private Data' and include 'Offline Website Data' as well. About 6 times this computer has hung when doing this and I have had to manually restart the computer. Ctrl+Alt+Del will NOT bring up Task Manager when this happens.

The following choices are checked when doing 'Clear Private Data'
* Browsing History
* Cache
* Offline Website Data
* Authenticated Sessions

I have also noticed that if I do NOT check 'Offline Website Data' and clear, and then come back and check 'Offline Website Data' before closing Firefox that it seems to work.

So today I decided to completely UNINSTALL Firefox, use Windows Explorer to remove folders that were not removed, use CCleaner to do some extra cleanup, rebooted compter, and installed a fresh copy of Firefox 3.0.7.

BUT the very first time I started Firefox after the clean install and tried to 'Clear Private Data' with 'Offline Website Data' checked, the computer hung, Task Manager couldn't be started, and I had to manually restart the computer.

So now I am going to uninstall Firefox 3.0.7 and install a Firefox 3.0.6 to see how that works.

In addition, when using Firefox at this time I MUST shut down all other programs before trying to 'Clear Private Data' if I want to avoid loosing critical data in any of the other programs. As a long term strategy, this is unacceptable.

Hopefully you can find a way to reproduce this bug and then find a way to fix it.
-- Thanks

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
See 'Details' for a complete description.
Actual Results:  
See 'Details' for a complete description.

Expected Results:  
See 'Details' for a complete description.

See 'Details' for a complete description.