disable DNS prefetching because of possible law implications
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux x86_64; de; rv:1.9.0.9) Gecko/2009042113 Ubuntu/8.10 (intrepid) Firefox/3.0.9
Build Identifier: 

Dear Mozilla Developers,

In Germany, a new law against child pornography distribution is under discussion.
The current draft will force ISP to block DNS request to sites, which are suspected to contain child pornography.
A list of such sites will be created by the BKA (the "German FBI") and given to the ISPs, which will then take the necessary technical measurements.

So far, so good. Now to the bad part for us.
The current draft is thought to be extended to require the ISPs to record all requests to that sites and hand it over the to BKA, if needed for law enforcement. The BKA will then use these records and start a house search on the suspected users.
Just trying to view a site that contains child pornography is a crime in Germany.
Furthermore, house searches because of child pornography will most certainly corrupt your reputation. Just imagine such a thing happening to a teacher. You get fired in Germany for less (Actually you can get fired for the suspicion of having taken about 5$ from the cash box, note THE SUSPICION, no prove needed).

The law doesn't specify what is meant by "request". It doesn't say clearly, whether it's the DNS request, or the HTTP request to the "Blocking Site" that you get, instead of the original site. I am assuming here the worst case, that the ISPs will record the DNS requests.

As DNS prefetching starts requesting sites without real user interaction, someone can easily be tricked. Imaging, some one who wants to ruin your life, post certain links to suspicious sites as a comment to your own blog.
If you open now your blog and read the comment, DNS prefetching will start requesting those sites and you get registered by the BKA. So if you are unlucky, your life has just been ruined. Even though you didn't actually click on that links.
Of course the recorded data is very questionable, so it's very unsure whether the evidences will be enough to deliver a judgement. However just being suspicted of viewing child pornography is not that kind of a situation everybody wants to be...
So as long, as the discussion is going on and the juristic implications aren't clear, we should not risk bringing Firefox users in uncomfortable situations via DNS prefetching!

So I request you to disable DNS prefetching until this bug has been fixed.

Note: Even if the law makes clear, that only HTTP requests to the "Blocking Site" will be recorded, the user can still be tricked via JavaScript, iframes, but we can't do anything about this.
[Maybe we can find out the address of the "Block Site"-Server, and block any requests to it...]

Sources:
Draft of the law: http://www.bmwi.de/BMWi/Redaktion/PDF/Gesetz/entwurf-gesetzes-zur-bekaempfung-der-kinderpornographie-in-kommunikationsnetzen,property=pdf,bereich=bmwi,sprache=de,rwb=true.pdf
The problematic part is: Page 2 point (5)
Further sources are found on www.heise.de, a german news portal (they are very critical with this law):
http://www.heise.de/newsticker/Kinderporno-Sperren-Regierung-erwaegt-Echtzeitueberwachung-der-Stoppschild-Zugriffe--/meldung/136769


Possible fixes for that bug, ordered after preferences:

I. Stop that law:
Hard to do, there have been small protests by the Choas Computer Club (a hacker and civil rights movements in Germany [www.ccc.de]) but so far to no use. Politicians are blocking sane arguments, even insulting members of the CCC. Soon elections, so politicians have to show, "they can do something". Furthermore most politicians don't have the neccessary knowledge, to understand how this thing called internet really works. (getting sarcastic here, sorry)
Only small interests in public, most people don't understand the implications and discussions involving such a hot topic like child pornography are very difficult. Most people want the politicians "to do something against it". And of course we have "nothing to hide"

II. Disabling DNS prefetch
DNS prefetching should be deactivate until the law and all implications are clear.
If users want to activate DNS prefetching, Firefox should show a drastical warning, like:
	DNS prefetching starts requesting the IP address for sites without your interaction.
	In some countries, certain requests may be blocked and recorded by the
	police for further investigation against you.
	Therefore we don't advice you to use this function, if this is done in your country.
	If in doubt don't use this function!

Further measurements:

To rise the awareness of the implications of such laws, Firefox 3.5 might show some kind of protest after installation.
I know foundations like Mozilla should have a neutral point of view, but I think somekind of protest is needed.
Even if we do our work, users might still get wrongfully under suspicion. They might be tricked by a JavaScript or just click on a link without knowing where it will lead to.
Therefore I think its OK, to protest against the recording of requests, because they are just to easy to manipulate.
I would suggest showing some kind of a protest page, after installation, only in Germany or in countries with similar laws.
The text could be something like this:
	The Mozilla foundation has decided to protest against the recording of DNS request to certain sites
	and their use for investigation. We want to rise the attention, that it is impossible, to tell whether
	a request (be it DNS or HTTP) was started intentionally by the user or by an automatic mechanism, 
	like a java script on a site or DNS prefetching. Therefore, these records are useless for any kind of
	investigation!
	Firefox 3.5 should contain DNS prefetching, but due to coming laws and unclear legal situation
	we decided to deactivate it by default. You can still activate it at your own risk.

	Sidenote: We don't want to influence the discussion about laws for blocking sites. whether this
	is applicable, should be an open discussion, although we are strongly opposed against any kind of
	censorship.

I am looking forward to your comments!

Reproducible: Always