after some time, firefox.exe will not terminate in task manager, yet prog can close, ALL internet access now disabled
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.0.10) Gecko/2009042316 Firefox/3.0.10 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.0.10) Gecko/2009042316 Firefox/3.0.10 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

First off, I JUST unpacked this HP laptop, brand new, Pavilion entertainment PC.

After approximately 1 hour or so, all internet activity will be disabled. Firefox will indefinitely remain on "waiting for..." status- rather than just showing the error message. This will also apply to internet explorer, as well as any other programs that require internet access. Without firefox running, however, the internet will work without problems.

I can close firefox browser, but if I try to re-open it I get a message saying that it is still running but not responding. When I open task manager to solve this problem and end the process directly, it will not leave the list and remains running- frozen.

My internet connections' preferences and statistics verify that everything is working fine. All diagnostic utilities find no errors in my connections. Yet my computer is entirely cut off from all internet access through any means. It's only when I restart my computer that the web will once again be available, and only for the first hour or so until the bug reappears. It seems to happen when I have a 3 - 4 + number of tabs open, but I can't specify that as a certain trigger.

Happens every time, time variation indeterminable.
I would send a bud report to mozilla, but it doesn't offer that option because the program itself is not running, just the leftover of the process is frozen in closing. I've never seen it before and neither have the computer geek guys we had look at it. They knew no solution.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Use firefox for over an hour, multiple tabs may increase chance
2. 
3.
Actual Results:  
The same thing as described in details paragraph.

Expected Results:  
Continued to function as normal, and as experienced on all my other computers.