FFox randomly jumps to a Chinese site or displays Chinese.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1.6) Gecko/20091201 Firefox/3.5.6 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1.6) Gecko/20091201 Firefox/3.5.6 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

Usually from newegg.com's "specials" advertisement page, I click to go to Newegg.com but the page displays in Chinese. While in my Newegg account, moving to a new field, the pages turned Chinese.  Manually entering the URL will once in awhile send me to a Chinese page.  Once in this mode it sticks and always goes Chinese when going to the same URL.  Shut down and start up of Firefox does NOT fix the problem. Uninstalling and re-installing fixes the problem for a week or so.  Rebooting does not solve the problem. -- No other URL has demonstrated this problem. I don't use IE that much but it has never done this while at Newegg.com.  FFox is my default browser so when clicking on an email I rarely experience IE jumping somewhere.  Previous versions of FFox have done this.  I started tonight to see if others have the problem and there are reports on web forums of the same thing as I experience...but only guesses as to how to fix it.

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Occurs at random times when clicking on newegg.com promo or regular web site.
2.Once occurring, it will not go away (repeatable multiple times) unless I shut down, go away, and come back another time.
3.http://www.newegg.com/GenericError.aspx?aspxerrorpath=/Special/ShellShocker.aspx  -----is currently displaying in Chinese AND some English. I have screen prints if you need some.
Actual Results:  
Typing in a search field produces additional Chinese pages with prices in Yuan. I'm in China for sure.  There are mixed words of English which there are no Chinese equivalents for. The URL has converted to China:
http://www.newegg.com.cn/Product/Search.aspx?keyword=ram  

Expected Results:  
I shouldn't end up at a Chinese URL no matter what I do unless it's a conscious choice.

I have reported the problem to Newegg Customer Service types but they claim they have no communications with the IT guys (so it feels like I'm being blown off).  But, since no other URL does this (at least in my experience) I suspect Newegg's site.  However other web forums report this (do a Google search) problem which points away from it being Newegg.com.
It's unnerving to be in my "Account" at Newegg and have the fields convert to Chinese.  Where's my typed data going?!!! Potential security of data issue.