ongoing problems with firefox 3.6
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2) Gecko/20100115 Firefox/3.6 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2) Gecko/20100115 Firefox/3.6 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

Ever since downloading this last update 3.6 I have been having nothing but problems.

1)  It screws up text on my yahoo groups page making simple grammatical things like ' and ? looking alphabet soup.  http://launch.groups.yahoo.com/group/WarrenHaynesandGovtMule/

2) Sign in problems with one site after another.  My cookies are set to ask me to allow each third party cookie.  All of a sudden no one likes your third party exemption and I don't get it.  I am having ongoing problems signing into my You Tube account with my google account.  I am also having problems with yahoo mail and signing into my accounts there. It is all because of some setting you changed in the third party cookie section.  It used to work but now it is a big  problem for some reason that I can't even begin to figure out.  For years I've used firefox with don't accept 3rd party cookies unless I say ok and now that is looking like I am getting nothing but problems with that setting.  

3)  The worst change you made is after a crash or a freeze in my computer, Firefox opens up the old site.  That is very annoying because sometimes it puts you right back into the freeze or crash.  And if it is a bad site, well you're right back at a bad site.  Make the program start fresh and stop going back to the old page that you just got kicked out of.

I am so filled with annoyance about the new update that I am ready to move far away from your product.  It used to be the best now it is annoying.  Furthermore, have you ever had anyone organize your help sections?  Your help section is terrible.  I don't want to read a story.  I don't want to have to look at a million pages of unorganized junk that people write.  Nor do I want to read a long complicated description.  And stop telling me to clear my cookies.  It isn['t the answer to everything.  I want a quick fix and or a tech person to help me.  And I should get a contact email address to write to instead of having to do a bug report.  I dont' know if it;'s a bug.  I just know I've had problems with Firefox ever since the last update.

And that isn't even telling you about the problems with the flash player, which I think I have figured out now.  It has been very time consuming to deal with all the issues this last update has given me.

This is becoming a very cumbersome product for me.  Please straighten out your current product to stop limiting my enjoyment of the internet.  Ever since that last update I am not happy with Firefox.

Angela Christofides

Is that clear enough for you?






Reproducible: Sometimes