Firefox gets unresponsive/slow and shows unrequested tooltips if running for > 10 hours
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.3) Gecko/20100401 Firefox/3.6.3 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.3) Gecko/20100401 Firefox/3.6.3 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

This problem has started occurring only in the last several weeks with more recent updates to Firefox -- I can't unfortunately state exactly when.

May be some sort of memory leak?

When the mouse is moved up toward the location bar, generally in toolbar region or over the tabs in the tabbed browser, a small tool-top kind of pop-up widget will appear that contains merely the URL of the currently focused web page in the currently focused tab.

This tool-tip is very pesky, and will not go away, even if one moves to other applications on the system -- even non-Mozilla applications.  It will stay in the same position if you move to (say) quicken or close everything and go to the desktop.  The only sure-fire way to make it go away is to close Firefox and re-open it again.

The other thing is that when this occurs, it is a sure sign that Firefox is starting to get feisty.  If you ignore it and continue working anyway, Firefox will soon become slow and then complete unresponsive -- to the point where you can't just close it and restart it, the only solution then is a complete system reboot.  Firefox can't even respond properly to the right-click menu when you click on the Firefox instance in the toolbar.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.  Start Firefox -- and have numerous tabs open and active in one window, say six or seven.  Switch between them.
2.  Leave firefox (and those tabs) up for several hour, swapping in and out of other applications and using the web and other applications as per normal office day.
3.  At some point, when you move your mouse up over the tab area/location bar/toolbar, this pesky tooltip will appear, and the cascading performance problems will start.
Actual Results:  
Pesky tooltip will not go away (or if it does, it is likely to reappear in short order) and performance will suffer to the point that program becomes unresponsive.

Expected Results:  
Tooltip-ish thing should not have appeared, and software should continue to act as normal.