Speed Dial tabs behavior erratic
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.2.3) Gecko/20100401 Firefox/3.6.3 ( .NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.2.3) Gecko/20100401 Firefox/3.6.3 ( .NET CLR 3.5.30729)

I've had Speed Dial for quite a while but in the last few days I tried to reorganize the Speed Dial tab order.  Behavior was erratic, moving tab name but bookmarks on the tabs were not moving.  Last night I was more careful in reorganizing, checking, one step at a time and got all reorganized.  This AM, awakening sleeping computer, I think all was as it was last night after successful reorganization.  Awakening sleeping computer this afternoon I had to restart the computer as it was disconnected.  Tabs & their respective bookmarks were skewed, even bookmarked pages scrambled between other pages and look to be in the configuration that they were a day or so age.  I simply renamed tabs temporarily this time instead of moving them to my desired order.  Tabs names not correct for pages bookmarked- Tab names moving w/reorganization but bookmark pages are not.  Unsure whether any of the bookmarks on the tabs are gone or not.

Computer:  Dell Inspiron 1525
Windows Vista
Mozilla 3.6.3
Avast Free antivirus
Spyware Blaster
Spybot Search & Destroy
MS malicious virus antivirus thingy


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.  Open speed dial
2.  R click at tabs
3.  Click "Organize tabs"
4.  Move a tab up or down on menu
5.  Computer reboot
6.  Speed dial tabs and tab bookmarks out of order, tab names no longer correct for bookmark pages they are on.


Yesterday, results were chaotic.  Last evening all was moved successfully and remained so awakening sleeping computer this AM.  This afternoon, awakening sleeping computer, computer was disconnected and needed restart to reconnect successfully.  On restart, tabs and many of tabs bookmarks were skewed, appearing similar to config they were in yesterday afternoon when organizing was  unsuccessful.      



Expected Results:  
Organizing speed dial tabs should move without self-reordering, moving page with tab name.

Personna theme.  BTW, a few updates ago, when my software crashed or closed, I was able to reopen Mozilla and find the pages that I had closed with.  I have that option set on Options.  A few updates ago I no longer am able to close Mozilla or have it crash and retrieve same pages.  I've ignored it but unsure if problem is connected or not.