Security Vulnerability in Search Override
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.6) Gecko/20100625 Firefox/3.6.6 GTB7.1 ( .NET CLR 3.5.30729; .NET4.0C)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.6) Gecko/20100625 Firefox/3.6.6 GTB7.1 ( .NET CLR 3.5.30729; .NET4.0C)

There seems to be a serious vulnerability in the search override in FF. When a vendor constructs a toolbar in which the toolbar is installed with bundled software, the search bar remains intact and functional. However, searching from the address-bar triggers an override where the browser can be navigated to any website address. This vulnerability was demonstrated when both Adobe, and Panda Security installed their toolbar bundle with their software. The toolbar seems to be created by Contribute. The search is directed to Yahoo without the users approval nor knowledge. The user is void of making any changes except a hard change to a file that is not publicly expressed to users, but seems to be allotted to vendors. The location is listed under |modified preferences|: keyword.URL	http://search.yahoo.com/search?fr=panda&type=panda1_0yatb&p= .

To pull up this information, on the file menu, go to Help>Troubleshooting Information>Modified Preferences

I have noticed many complaints where users cannot find how the reset the original criteria. It cannot be reset, but this is the location to the modified information under Windows 7: Program Files>Mozilla Firefox>searchplugins

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.The Override is set by the vendor installation and code allotted by Mozilla.
2.
3.
Actual Results:  
Initial search-bar remains unaltered. However, address-bar search will direct the user to the website coded by the vendor exploit. This website address can be any website address.

Expected Results:  
The override cannot be altered by the Mozilla FF options nor preferences.

Immediately, Mozilla will need to implement the same security protections as Microsoft has done with IE8. The security measure prevents unauthorized tampering or changes made to the browser without (administrator) approval. If Mozilla cannot accomplish this, the alternative will be to lock the browser down after browser installation.