Latest 3.6.10 update is causing Plug-in container to trigger my Firewall and crash my computer
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.10) Gecko/20100914 Firefox/3.6.10 ( .NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.10) Gecko/20100914 Firefox/3.6.10 ( .NET CLR 3.5.30729)

I just updated to the newest Firefox version and shortly after wards, the Plug-in-container started triggering my Comodo Firewall and causing freeze-ups of my web pages. Before this latest update, the plug-in-container only showed up under running processes and mostly when I was playing games on Facebook. Then it was using up all of my RAM and mostly causing just my games to freeze up and or crash continually (which I already reported) and my Firefox started to crash and freeze up more frequently also. I became so frustrated that I just stopped even trying to play games at all. 

Now, since this new update, the Plug-in-container seems to be crashing my whole system! Per Microsoft error reporting, after my computer restarted, I checked for disc errors and there were none and I've scanned for viruses and there were none so the only thing it can be is that Firefox's plug-in-container is using even more RAM since the update and now my system doesn't have enough to operate at all! I liked it a whole lot better when all I had to deal with were a Firefox crash every now and again instead of not being able to games online anymore and now my whole computer is crashing! I hate Internet Explorer but Firefox is forcing me back to it or I won't be able to use my computer at all! Netbooks only have 1G ddr RAM and Firefox's Plug-in-container hogs it all up!

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Open Firefox
2.Go to any web page, even email
3.Start doing something, even just typing an email or scrolling pages 
Actual Results:  
It starts triggering my Comodo Firewall and after so many times then my whole system crashes.

Expected Results:  
same

Take me to the pages I wanted to go to without freezing up constantly and not triggering my Firewall constantly (rant time). I have used and loved Firefox since 2007 because I (personally) never had more than a few random browser crashes here and there it was more secure and faster than IE and I could play online games with no problems but ever since that infernal Plug-in-container was added I never know what will happen when I go online (my Firefox certainly freezes and crashes a lot more often). It's just not worth having Firefox anymore. It may still be the most secure and or fastest but what good is it if it keeps me from doing what I went online to do or if it's crashing my whole system?