Hangs computer after a few hours idle
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.1; en-GB; rv:1.9.2.13) Gecko/20101203 Firefox/3.6.13
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.1; en-GB; rv:1.9.2.13) Gecko/20101203 Firefox/3.6.13

I have been getting a hung computer when  comming out of idle if and only if I leave firefox running. No reports appear in event log and firefox bug report will never pick it up the hang. But I can make two different computers hang with the same issue everytime. Seem to be independent of the current web page.

Both computers run windows 7 x64 latest driver/bios etc.)usb mouse/keyboard on both

computer 1 AMD phenom 9850 4G ram, motherboard gigiabyte 790gp , video card 4870
computer 2 AMD phenom II 955BE 4G ram, motherboard gigiabyte 790fxt , video card 5870.

Details of issue.
Both computer are set to remain on, eg no stanby or hibernate also no screen saver just screen blanking via power settings

If I move the mouse on the idle computer, the desktop returns, If I atempt to click on any destop/app component the comuter hangs completely.

So its seems Firefox is hanging when the computer the power state is incresing from (probably) the lowest power state.

No problems whatsover if I remember to close firefox before leaving the computer.

One machine just has adblock plus and noscript, the other is a vanilla firefox install

This has been occurring for at least a year,  but the sheer lack of info reported by winbows and or firefox has made it hard to pin down...I gave spent a LOT of time going through bios's and drivers from gigabyte thinking its a cpu p state issue. 
But it become very obvious at this point ONLY firefox cause this issue

In this descripton I have the computer set to be always on, I am unsure if this is critical as I only set this trying to avoid this lockup in the first place.

An interesting observation is that I can access network shares on the offending computer, but try and access the desktop on the computer results in a hang. eg the computer is operational before I do the mouse stuff, hence why I think its the increase of power state triggering the issues.

And when I say hang, it hangs the whole computer not just firefox, not even numlock or capslock keys work, I have to do a hard reset to get going again


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.set computer to always on(maybe)
2.open firefox
3.leave computer idle for hours
4.move mouse and then click on anything
Actual Results:  
desktop shows and then mouse cursor stops moving...computer will no longer respond to direct user input, acessing it on the network is possible though 

Expected Results:  
desktop shows and then computer responds to user input

NOT hang the users gui session.