Username and password will not always auto-fill despite these having already been remembered by Firefox
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.2.15) Gecko/20110303 Firefox/3.6.15 ( .NET CLR 3.5.30729; .NET4.0C)
Build Identifier: Firefox 3.6.15

The URL above is for my Hotmail Sign In page.

I have found this next problem to be existent in every version of Firefox so far.

The username and password are asked to be remembered by Firefox.  I say Yes.
Then sometimes they are not remembered and filled in to the Sign In pages of websites I go to.

Sometimes they are.  Sometimes they are half-remembered (where the username is remembered when you physically type in the first letter) but the password is never filled in.

I want this problem fixed where username and password are always filled in when I specify Firefox to remember them.

I was told that Bug 518516 is indicative of the problem but I did not see it on a Search.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Sign In to Hotmail.com Sign In page
2.type first letter then drop down menu appears 
3.select my username, it fills in
Actual Results:  
password does not fill in despite it is remembered.

My password does fill in in my Yahoo.com email Sign In page when I do the same steps as above just described and when I select username from the drop down menu, it fills in, as does the password at the same time.

Not so with Hotmail.

Expected Results:  
I expected password to fill in blank when username fills in blank on the Sign In page since it was remembered by Firefox.

I even deleted the username and password from the Saved password box and started over again remembering passwords and usernames afresh-to no avail.

There may be a pattern here but I have yet to see it.  For some reason, Firefox remembers some username and password information and then uses that information to autofill Sign In pages.

Sometimes it won't fill in everything.  Sometimes it won't fill in anything at all.

When asked by Firefox if I want the password info remembered, I say Yes. I expect Firefox to always fill in Sign In pages.

I wouldn't call this problem severe, but it has been going on as long as I have been with Firefox (about 10 years, roughly) and I do consider it a major feature of Firefox that is Broken!

The problem makes using Firefox, conveniently...a thing of much difficulty.