Submitted Text permanently inserted into form field by Session Restore
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.9.2.15) Gecko/20110303 Firefox/3.6.15 ( .NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.9.2.15) Gecko/20110303 Firefox/3.6.15 ( .NET CLR 3.5.30729)

As an example i will use ebay and twitter. Ebay now put shortcuts for twitter on auction pages, if you click it, auction info gets entered in your twitter pages tweet box which you can then proceed to click on "Tweet" in order to submit your tweet.

However, the problem is, this data does not disappear after you submit it, instead each time you refresh your Twitter page, it reloads the data into the text box/form field when it should be blank. This continues to be the case even if refresh the page, close the tab and open another one or even restart firefox.

In the extension "sessionsaver" if i select the option to not save sensitive data such as cookies, formdata and postdata, then this fixes the issue, however it creates an even worse issue in that i have to keep logging into various sites over and over as it doesn't remember my cookie information amongst other things.

I have included images of the issue on the URL attached.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Go to an ebay auction item and click on the twitter shortcut to tweet the page
2. No that data is permanently in the tweet box, even if you restart firefox or refresh the page.
3. Tweet box should be blank but the same submitted data keeps appearing for some reason.

Actual Results:  
A form field that should have remained blank by default (tweet field), now keeps showing the data that i tweeted from clicking on the tweet shortcut on ebay (as an example, if i click on another sites tweet shortcut, same thing happens).

Expected Results:  
Form field should remain blank after i close the page, submit the data, refresh or restart etc

The author of the extension has stated that this issue is a bug with Firefox and not the extension as the extension only enables firefoxs internal session restore feature, where the formdata (or possible postdata), is causing the data to be retained in the form fields.