Fire fox cannot work without an internet connection present.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; WOW64; rv:2.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; WOW64; rv:2.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0

If there is no internet at start of opening firefox it freezes.

If the internet connection is shut down during a firefox session but then is reconnected afterwards, firefox crashes requiring a shutdown by means of task manager.

Firefox does not handle no-internet exceptions properly - almost like it does not know what to do with the exception.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Start Firefox with internet connection avialable
2. Turn off internet connection
3. Try to browse local html files stored on PC's hard-drive
4. The browser will freeze and be unresponsive ( usually necessitating a restart)
5. Also if trying to start firefox without internet connection present, browser freezes.

Actual Results:  
1. Browser freezes in almost all cases, causing the screen to blank out if the mouse is used to try to persist to recover.

Expected Results:  
The browser should never freeze if an internet connection is not present - it should within 30 seconds come back with an error message if necessary stating that no internet connection. Users should be able to view downloaded html files located on their computer without having to have an internet connection. ( I understand that the browser (intelligent browser ) will try to make a connection to the internet on being started at first ( maybe 15 to 30 secs should be enough) but afterwards it should accept that there is no internet connection and allow the browser to be used locally on files on the PC's harddrive. 

Internet Explorer does not cause this problem.

I first noticed this problem with firefox 4 but not under firefox 3.

Also firefox updates recently keeps trying to update my computer but nothing happens except a dialog box keeps running for hours stating that it is updating ???