Spell checker defaults to wrongest suggestions for languages defaulting to compound words. (Like German.)
Many languages default to compound words, as opposed to separating them, like in English.
But when faced with unknown compound words, even when made out of known words, the spell checker defaults to suggesting splitting up those words.
This results in many, many grammatical errors for those languages on the net. It goes so far, that many people can’t write their own language properly anymore. (As can be seen when you read comments and forum posts in German.)
Because if they write it correctly, it gets highlighted as wrong, and if they change it to the wrong split words, it gets accepted.

How to reproduce it in general (Example in brackets):
1. Install a dictionary for a language defaulting to compound words. (German is a good example.)
2. In a textarea field, right-click and under “Languages” (“Sprachen” in the German translation) switch to that language.
3. Now look up random adjectives is that language. (“halb” and “bitter”)
4. Enter those adjectives into the field, without a space between them. This should always form a legal word in that language. (“halbbitter”).
5. Add a space to the end to trigger the spell checker. For most words (especially rare ones), it will highlight them as wrong. (In many cases, the compound word itself is in the dictionary. Then try another word.)
6. Right-click the word, and see it suggesting the split version with and without a n-dash along with more distant words. (“halb bitter”, “halb-bitter“, “halbierter”, …)

Result:
These are grammatically wrong, except for some cases where no dash would make it hard to read it (e.g. with long compounds using 3+ words). Especially the spaced variant is as wrong, as writing “spellcheckersuggestiondefaultingbug” instead of “spell checker suggestion defaulting bug” in English, where the rules are the opposite.

What should happen:
If the single words are in the dictionary, and the language is one defaulting to compound words, the spell checker should by default accept compound words made out of those. If some combination is not allowed, that one should be the rule that has to be in the dictionary. But I doubt such blocking rule logic would even be needed at all.

This is pretty important, as you can literally see Germans getting worse and worse at their own language on the net because of this. It’s very annoying (similar to that “spellcheckersuggestiondefaultingbug”) and creates lots of ambiguities (which are also there in English, and can only partially be fixed with n-dashes, but people are used to it being hard to remove them).