Firefox tacks browser upgrades on to the end of addon updates
User Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; WOW64; rv:6.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/6.0
Build ID: 20110811165603

Steps to reproduce:

I didn't know until today that I could turn off upgrade notifications for Firefox.

I have been telling Firefox that I did not want to upgrade from 5 to 6 every time I was prompted because I was experiencing a crash loop issue last time I attempted to upgrade to Firefox 6.

At some point the upgrade dialog popped while I was typing in a text box and the space bar activated the "OK" button to allow the upgrade.

When I restarted Firefox, Windows popped a UAE prompt asking if it was okay for the updater to make changes to my system.

I said no because I did not want the upgrade -- one of my plugins or some other system issue had caused a crash loop issue with Firefox after upgrade to version 6, and so I had reverted to 5.

I was still troubleshooting the crash loop issue using an alternate install.

I kept declining the UAC request on each launch of Firefox, as I was waiting for the crash loop issue to be resolved.


Actual results:

When I did a plugin update check I found that a security update had been released for Adobe Flash.

I downloaded the Adobe Flash installer, closed Firefox and ran the Flash installer.

Upon completion of the Flash update I started a new Firefox session and discovered that the version was then 6.0.

This means that Firefox's update is effectively (if not intentionally) going around the UAC prompt by tacking its own update onto the end of a plugin's update, forcing me to complete the upgrade to 6.0.


Expected results:

Updating Firefox when I update a plugin defeats the Windows UAC prompt, forcing me to perform an action I would have declined permission for if given the option.

This is the equivalent of Mozilla saying "we're going to complete this update even though you would have told us not to if you had been given the choice" by omission of code that would prevent it.

In my scenario I have to choose between declining a security update for the Flash plugin, thus leaving my system open to compromise, and using a version of Firefox that is crash looping.

It looks like the update code doesn't understand how to install a plugin update without also completing the install of the browser update.

Since defeating my choice to decline the update's completion is a denial of choice by omission I'm asking for someone to look into the update sequence to see if the update of an addon can be separated from completion of the update of the browser.