crash if a Security Warning pops up while I'm moving the Page Info window
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.6) Gecko/20040206 Firefox/0.8
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.6) Gecko/20040206 Firefox/0.8

The problem occurs while having the Page Info Window open after clicking on the
lock icon on the bottom left of the browser window when viewing a page with
encrypted items. If a Security Warning message ("You have requested an encrypted
page. The web site has ... a third party") pops up while moving the Page Info
Window, firefox doesn't reponse to any mouse/keyboard input anymore. 
Don't know about other messages interfering with the moving of a (Page Info or
possibly other) window.


Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
Prereq: Security Warning messages must pop up when viewing an encrypted page. If
this has been disabled after the first message, at least The Security Warning
won't cause a problem as it will never pop up again. 
1. Open a page which contains encrypted items. (I used webmail.concepts.nl)
Preferably a slow to contact site, because: 
2. If a Security Warning pops up now, click continue, that's too soon. Try it
again, the message must come while at step 5.
3. First you need to left click on the lock on the bottom right of the browser
window. The Page Info window shows the Security tab. 
4. Move the Page Info window, but hold down the mouse button (only the outline
of the window has moved)
5. Now wait for the Security Warning window to pop up. If that happens now, the
bug should've been reproduced.
Actual Results:  
The new location of the Page Info window can't be set (by unpressing the left
mouse button). Firefox doesn't show the result of any mouse/keyboard input
anymore. If firefox didn't cover the whole desktop, any mouse action regarding
the desktop doesn't work. The mouse cannot be moved below the top of the Windows
XP taskbar. This last issue can be fixed by opening Windows Task Manager
(Ctrl-Alt-Del). Firefox and the Page Info window still have the status Running
instead of the more accurate Not Responding status. 

Expected Results:  
Firefox should have popped up the Security Warning message while moving the Page
Info Window and leave it at that (instead of ignoring given input and causing
the behaviour decribed at Actual Results). 

I was using the default theme. OS: WinXP SP1. I just deleted the previous
Firebird files and installed firefox 0.8 with the installer. Obviously it still
remembered some settings from Firebird even though that was already deleted.
Probably from my profile, which I didn't remove.