Cookie Manager doesn't correctly block sites when checkbox is changed multiple times
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.6) Gecko/20040427 Firefox/0.8
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.6) Gecko/20040427 Firefox/0.8

In the Cookie Manager, if the "Don't allow sites that set removed cookies to set
future cookies" checkbox is checked and unchecked while cookies are being
removed,  sites are not correctly blocked according to the current setting.

Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open the Cookie Manager (Tools->Options->Privacy->Cookies->Stored Cookies),
with several cookies stored. Called these Cookies A, B, C, from Sites A, B, C
respectively. Make sure "Don't allow sites that set removed cookies to set
future cookies" (henceforth "Siteblocking checkbox") is not checked. Make sure
Sites A, B, C are not permanently blocked in Exceptions dialog
(Tools->Options->Privacy->Cookies->Exceptions).
2. Select Cookie A, and click "Remove Cookie". The siteblocking checkbox is
clear, so we do not want Site A blocked.
3. Click the Siteblocking checkbox to active it.
4. Select Cookie B, and click "Remove Cookie". The siteblocking checkbox is
active, so we want Site B blocked.
5. Click the Siteblocking checkbox to clear it.
6. Select Cookie C, and click "Remove Cookie". We do not want Site C blocked.
7. Click "OK", and, remembering Bug 237795 (Cookie Exceptions don't update right
away), click "OK" to close the Options Menu. Reopen the Options menu, and check
the Cookie Exceptions to see whether Sites A, B, or C are blocked.


Actual Results:  
Neither Site A, B, nor C was blocked.

Expected Results:  
Site B should have been blocked.  I think the software is not looking at the
Siteblocking checkbox until after the preferences window is closed.

This problem can have the opposite effect as well; it can block cookies from a
site which wasn't supposed to be blocked. For example, clear the Siteblocking
checkbox, remove Cookie A, set the Siteblocking checkbox, and remove Cookie B.
Then click OK. This will block site B (correctly), and site A (erroneously).