Print preview executes print dialog on toolbar icon
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.7) Gecko/20040626 Firefox/0.9.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.7) Gecko/20040626 Firefox/0.9.1

I've dragged  the Print button onto my toolbar, and it has dropdown options.
When you click the dropdown and select "Print..." nothing happens (but since
that is the default action of the button that's not a big deal, though that
should be fixed as well). When you select "Print Preview", you get the print
dialog that selecting "Print..." should have brought up.

Initially I thought Print Preview itself did not work, but when you select it
frin the "File" menu it works as expected. So I assume it's just a big in the
button itself.

I searched the rather large number of existing bugs in Bugzilla and did not find
this problem, but if I missed it then I offer my apologies.

Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1. Add the print button to the toolbar (in my case the navigation toolbar).
2. Click the small arrow next to the printer icon to get the dropdown menu.
3. Select either "Print..." or "Print Preview". Neither gives you the desired
results.

Actual Results:  
Selecting "Print..." does nothing.

Selecting "Print Preview" does what "Print..." should have done.

Expected Results:  
Selecting "Print..." should have brought up the print dialog (same as in the
file menu).

Selecting "Print Preview" should have rendered the print preview screen (same as
in the file menu).

Extensions I have installed are DOM Inspector 1.0, ieview 0.8, Deepest Sender
0.5.1, Basics 1.0, User Agent Switcher 0.4, Scribe 0.2, and Single Window 1.0.

My build identifier above gives the correct information. 

My theme is Silver Skin 2.0. Default theme gives the same error.

I'm classifying this as normal rather than minor even though there is a
workaround because this is a major function that's being affected by this bug
(some people around here think Print Preview is broken as a result), though I'll
understand if it gets knocked down in severity.