Flash Animation not showing right when embedded on the page, and "alt" on tags aren't showing up correctly, tables also are ignoring cell padding commands
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7) Gecko/20040626 Firefox/0.9.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7) Gecko/20040626 Firefox/0.9.1

Sorry about the long title.

First off the Flash showing up incorrectly, if you visit:
http://iro.ragnarokonline.com/

you should see a banner near the top with random characters. Mozilla 1.7 and
Firefox 0.9.1 are showing the banner with a white background (for the flash),
while internet explorer is showing transparency, i'm not sure if this is
Macromedia's issue or yours.

Second the ALT tags. If you visit "http://lissaexplains.com/basics.shtml" then
you should see "Section 1, Section 2, etc" hover your mouse over one until you
see the details pop-up. Now in IE6, each line is individual, while in Mozilla
1.7 and Firefox 0.9.1 it shows up with very odd symbols instead (which i can't
recreate).

Finally an odd error... On my site "http://mm.intellstat.com" you should see
that the tables to the left and the tables to the right are "jammed" together
with nothing seperating them... this happens in the same versions of mozilla and
firfox listed above. These tables should load up with a space in between them.
Now it's odd because "http://mm.intellstat.com/guardian2.html" looks fine, as
you can see each table is spaced out from one another. I believe that the issue
is that the first example is in .php with a ?php require code accessing the side
table, then showing then main content table (to the right), this is creating an
odd issue where it's cancelling out the padding and spacing.

In IE6, it shows the php pages and html exactly the same, where the spaces exist
no matter what... (Sorry for the size, just wanted to be detailed >.<)

Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1.
 a. Visit http://iro.ragnarokonline.com/ and view the flash banner

2.
 a. Visit http://lissaexplains.com/basics.shtml and hover over each "section" to
see the details.

3. View http://mm.intellstat.com noticing the tables are "jammed together".
Believed to be the left page being loaded as a php require. (note: the top, left
and bottom are all php required, the "main content" are the only "constant"
contents)

Actual Results:  
1. Not viewing transparency in the flash.

2. Viewing "odd symbols" instead of a new line being created

3. Seeing the tables being "jammed together"

Expected Results:  
1. The flash should have a transparency (i beleive) and show a stone road behind
the characters)

2. The details should have new lines instead of the two "odd symbols" showing up
making it into one long line.

3. Have the tables be seperated and "not touching" eachother.

I am very very sorry for the confusion I have probably just caused. I had to get
them all down before I forgot.

for more information i'm using:

Dell XPS2
Windows XP SP1
Internet Explorer 6
Mozilla 1.7
Firefox 0.9.1

Sorry, and thank you for your time.