no alert message if unable to open certain local file
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7b) Gecko/20040412 Firefox/0.8.0+
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7b) Gecko/20040412 Firefox/0.8.0+

While trying to open local file such a config.sys or autoexec.bat (which are
not present in the directory specified in the address bar) from the browser,
there is no error message or alert message informing the user of whether an
action ha been performed or not.


Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1.Enter the following address in the address bar
file:///c:%5Cconfig.sys
2.Or enter the following address in the address bar
file:///c:%5Cautoexec.bat
3.Click Enter and expect some feedback from the browser

*These file should not be present in the directory specified in the address
(i.e. C:\)

Actual Results:
Upon entering any of the mentioned address (file locations), the browser doe
not provide any feedback of an action performed. (Comparison of the similar
action in Opera and I.E. is discussed below)

Expected Results:
The browser should come back with some response,
for e.g.
when 'file:///c:%5Cconfig.sys' is visited using I.E., a caution window is opened
stating that the user is trying to open an important file used by the operating
system and that modifying this file could damage your system...
With a similar action in Opera, the browser report that it could not open the file.

Similarly for the file 'file:///c:%5Cautoexec.bat', I.E. open a download dialog
, warning that this is an important file and whether the user would want to open
or save it somewhere. As for Opera, although it doe not give a warning, however
open a download dialog asking the user to open or save the file.
*Upon selecting open in any of the browser, the browser come back with a
feedback that it wa unable to open th file.

Refer snapshot attached.

Follow up tests:
----------------
1. Opened custom (created a simple batch file for testing) batch file (placed
in the C:\ directory) and the browser open them fine.

2. Opened .dat file placed in the same directory and the browser openes them fine.

3. While opening a file not existing in the directory (MemZilla1.bat a a test
case) the browser DOES prompt an alert stating that the file doe not exist in
that directory. Refer snapshot 'Error_Firefox'

Importance of the bug:
----------------------
1. For any input to a program, the user expects an output or some sort of a
feedback. If the feedback is obvious such a a display of a file or image or
some other form of program execution then the user is satisfied. In other case
the user expects to know what went wrong, and error or alert message help in
making the user aware of some missing action or an action that cannot or wa not
performed. A browser must be able to respond to the user in some form indicating
whether an action wa or wa not performed.

2. If the browser (program) can respond to a missing file by an error message
then it should be able to respond in a similar manner for any other missing
file. As we noticed that Firefox responded to the missing file MemZilla1.bat but
not for autoexec.bat. This is rather a strange behavior by the browser in term
of feedback.
