Bookmarks not imported from previous installation
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.7) Gecko/20040614 Firefox/0.8
Build Identifier: Firefox 0.8, Firefox 0.9

This problem ha occurred on 6 different machine running Windows 95, Windows 98
and Windows 2000.
I wa running Firefox 0.8 on all these system and had bookmark saved on each
system for business, research and personal use. I downloaded and upgraded to
0.9 using the provided setup program. When asked, I told the setup program to
import my firefox bookmark from my previous installation during the
installation. Upon completion of the installation and running the browser
program, all bookmark are lost. No bookmark were imported on any of the
system that the 0.9 installation wa attempted regardless of the OS version I
am running.
The browser doe not crash or indicate any other error. It appears to run normally.

As an IT professional, I am very impressed with the Firefox and Thunderbird
program and their development. I have been recommending them to friend and
colleague for their consideration and use. Thank you for your work on an
excellent product.
Jimmy


Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1.Start with running installation of Mozilla Firefox 0.8 (or 0.7). Make sure
there are working bookmark set in the installation and it is running ok.
2.Download and run the Firefox 0.9 program using the supplied setup program
3.Select custom installation
4.Leave installation location set to default
5.Disable quality feedback agent
6.Deselect Quick Launch bar icon. Leave Desktop and Start Menu program selected
7.When asked to import bookmark and settings, select Firefox installation
8.When installation is complete, start upgraded Firefox 0.9
9.Click on bookmark tab
10.Firefox installation default are visible but no bookmark from the previous
browser installation are visible. None were imported. New bookmark can be
saved but none were imported during the installation. It is unknown if those
bookmark are still saved or whether they have been deleted or overwritten.

Actual Results:
Bookmarks from previous running installation are not imported and cannot be used.

Expected Results:
Software should have successfully imported bookmark from previous Firefox
browser installation. Bookmarks should be in the new installation and usable.

1.I have not tried to re-run the installation program. I do not want to take a
chance on damaging or deleting the previous bookmark if they are still there
and salvagable. I also do not know if there are any consequence to re-runing
the program that would affect the running installation.

2.I have not tried to manually locate or move the previous bookmark a I don't
know exactly where the file(s) is(are) located and exactly what the manual
procedure would be to successfully do this or what problem it might cause.

3.I have not tried upgrading a 0.5, 0.6 or 0.7 installation directly to a 0.9
installation. These problem may occur when upgrading these a well. I have
one machine running 0.6 installation with many bookmark and am leary about
trying it until I know this problem is resolved.

4.Also, it appears that the upgraded browser did not maintain it link to any
of the Java or other plug-in previously installed on the prior installation. I
am having to re-install the Java and other browser plug-in on these system
also. This is a minor problem but slightly annoying.

Please keep my e-mail address and info confidential. Please use it only to
respond with information about this issue, but do not publish it publicly. If
you need to do otherwise, please contact me. I do not want to start getting
SPAM mail on this account. I have already had to cancel one ISP account because
of the volume of SPAM mail being received. You may use my name, Jimmy if you
need to do so for reference. Thank you for your assistance in this matter.
