Default Font / Minimum Size Font
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7) Gecko/20040626 Firefox/0.8
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7) Gecko/20040626 Firefox/0.8

Currently in Version 0.9 and 0.91 the Minimum Font Size
setting in Tools, Options, General, Fonts and Colors...
really mean Default Text Size. It should be broken up
into two seperate options:

1) "Default Text Size"
2) "Minimum Font Size".

The idea is that Minimum mean minimum displayable size,
rather than default text size. Currently it is confusing.

Right now, it the current configuration force programmer
to code style sheet to reconfigure <input> tag font-sizes.

When I set the minimum size to 8pt, meaning that I don't
want a website to use font-sizes smaller than 8pt's because
they are very hard to read for anybody, meaning I want to
over-ride a website attempt to use a 4pt or 6pt text-size,
I don't have that option. The current Minimum Text Size
is really a Default Text Size. The two should be seperate
entity and both option should be available.

When I change the "Minimum Text Size" I expect the
browser to not allow a website to display a text-size
le than what I have configured it for. I don't expect
it to change the "Default Text Size". They are 2
seperate ideologies.

This mean the "Minimum Text Size" should be renamed to,
"Default Text Size" and there should be another option
configured inside the browser which allows the enduser
to configure the "Minimum Text Size" (ie, it doe not
allow a website to display text in a size smaller than
the minimum).

I am using Version 0.91 of FireFox.

ALSO, currently when I change the "Minimum Font Size"
in TOOLS/OPTIONS/GENERAL, it change the font sizes,
but doe NOT change the INPUT box sizes. If it really
is a "Default Text Size" it should change the size of
the <input> box inside the browser a well a the
text sizes.

Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1) Open a page that display some <input> boxes.
2) Click on TOOLS/OPTIONS/GENERAL/FONT SIZES AND COLORS...
3) Change the "Minimum Font Size" to a greater size.
4) Click OK, close the dialog and view the <input> boxes,
especially the comboboxes/listboxes.

:-)
