bookmark file is overwritten by an empty file in a certain mount sequence
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.6) Gecko/20040207 Firefox/0.8
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.6) Gecko/20040207 Firefox/0.8

The following sequence will cause the bookmark file to be overwritten with an
empty file:

Say the 'browser.bookmarks.file' setting is ponting to /shared/bookmarks.html
and the file system that contains this file is not yet mounted.

Start FireFox, internally FireFox creates an empty bookmark file, the
bookmark menu show empty.

Mount the volume where the bookmark file is located.

Exit FireFox, this cause the empty bookmark file to overwirte the existing
bookmark file!

notes:

This bug is related to bug 206567 about deleting symbolic link by FireFox.

This bug can commonly occur when user are sharing the bookmark file between
multiple operating system in a dual boot configuration, or probably sharing it
on a network volume.


Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1.Unmount volume containing bookmark file
2.Start FireFox
3.Mount volume containing bookmark file
4.Exit FireFox
5.Bookmarks file is overwritten without any alert

Actual Results:
old bookmark file lost

Expected Results:
1- alert the user at startup, that a new bookmark file ha been created because
the default bookmark file or the one pointed to by 'browser.bookmarks.file' is
not accessable for some reason. No action is required here, this is just a
dialog box with ok.

2- When a new bookmark file is created in memory, the application should keep a
flag, and then when writing the file for the first time, it should be verified
that the file doe not exist, if it doe exist, then this is an unexpected
condition, and the user is alerted, and given choices:
- to overwrite the file and lose data.
- to save the bookmark file of the current session to some temp file.

3- it would be much better to avoid data loss, that the application keep a back
up copy of the old bookmark file, a is common in other applications.



Bookmark file can be located on network volume or shared partitions, if the
application is making assumption and acting in silence without alerting the
user, it can lead to problems. The application should identify abnormal
situation and alert the user.

I haven't tested when dierectories in the bookmark file path don't exist, am not
sure if FireFox will create these directory without alert.
