Screen Blackout/Flickering
Note: I appologize for not checking which version I'm using, a I wa unsure
which option applied. According to "Help->About" I am using Firefox version 1.0
(Mozilla 5.0, rv. 1.7.5, Gecko/20041107/Firefox 1.0). I believe this is the most
recent version, but please correct me if I'm wrong, and should try downloading a
newer version, uninstalling my current Firefox, and reinstalling.

I recently (in the past week) moved from the Mozilla suite to Firefox and
Thunderbird. However, I have been experiencing seemingly random screen blackout
and flickering while using both piece of software. While browsing, the entire
screen (not just Firefox) will go black, a if the monitor wa attempting to
refresh after being turned on. The blackout will last only a second, but
multiple blackout may occur in a couple of seconds, causing a strobe-like
flickering.

I am unable to specifically point to what cause the blackout, a it ha
happened at multiple sites, and while browsing both with and without tabs. I
can, however, say that some site (http://www.digitalcamera-hq.com/ for example)
cause blackout more often than others. At http://www.digitalcamera-hq.com/,
especially while switching between tabs, Firefox becomes almost unusable due to
the strobe-like effect.

These flickerings do not crash my system, and after they stop I can continue
browsing a normal. However, because they seem to happen often on some sites,
and the strobe effect of continuous flickering is headache-inducing, this is a
more serious problem than an ocasional screen refresh.

I should note that I recently upgraded my videocard to an NVIDIA GeForce FX 5700
Ultra. I realize this could potentially be causing the problem (as it's the
only thing, other than Firefox itself, that ha recently changed on my
computer). However, no other software ha been having similar issue (or any
problem at all), and the blackout are limited to Firefox and Thunderbird. I
have tried multiple NVIDIA driver update ( ), under all of which Firefox and
Thunderbird continue to expereince intermitend screen flickering and blackouts.
So, while I hope this isn't the case, it may be that this is not a reproducable
bug outside my specific hardware configuration.

I would appreciate any gelp or suggestions, a I very much enjoy Firefox and
Thunderbird, but have become afraid to check my email, lest the horrible
flickering attack again...

-Jared
