Security bug: Firefox destroys privacy (probably by keeping IDs after closing)
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.5) Gecko/20041107 Firefox/1.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.5) Gecko/20041107 Firefox/1.0

Firefox doesnt grant surfing privacy a Internet Explorer does.

If this bug isnt fixed very quick every computer magazin would have
to warn: "If privacy is important to you, never never use Firefox"

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
Hi firefox developers,

an example most user will be quite common with:

1. Step: with firefox I log in to the account of my client A on website W
(cookies are switched off - no cookie is accepted)
2. Step: I close firefox

planning to log in to the account of my client B
I want to visit website W again, so I do the next steps:

3. Step: I open firefox new and visit again website BB
4. astonishingly I cant log in to the account of my client B
a this website is convinced that Im working on client As account.

Obviously Firefox identifies itself in a way that website are informed
'Im the same Firefox installation that visited you already ten minute ago'

You might say, no wonder if you didnd log out. But that is not the point.
After me logging out the website might allow a log in with another ID, but
nevertheless the website would know, these both IDs are client of the same
broker, and this knowledge could have desasterous consequences.

Having red your explanation I got the feeling that the described desaster
is regarded a regular browser behaviour by you.

In this case every computer magazin soon should publish the warning
'If privacy is important to you, never never use Firefox'

In case privacy should be important to you too you should produce very
quickly a solution to this problem.

I suppose that firefox creates some kind of session IDs and think it cant be
so complicated to change these Ids each time a new firefox window is opened
a Internet Explorer does.

Would be lucky if you could fix this bug soon a on every other detail
Ive been very happy with firefox.

Good luck
Gunter


Actual Results:
I had to use Internet Explorer again

Expected Results:
After opening a new Firefox window no web site should be able to know,
that they are communicating with the same installation.



As long a this bug isnt fixed a explicit warning is needed:
'Don't use Firefox if privacy is important to you'
