errorguard window keep popping up to install and scan my system + how about a neat roll back feature to earlier version
User-Agent: Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 6.0; Windows NT 5.1; SV1; (R1 1.3); (R1 1.5); .NET CLR 1.1.4322; FDM)
Build Identifier: FireFox 1.02

>
> HI fellas,
> First of All -you guy are doing a wonderful job with the fast track
development on Fire fox and Mozilla for resolution of known issues..
> Cheers!!!!. But I guess sometimes you chew more than you can handle a is
the case with the new release of 1.02.
Though i must congratulate you guy for the prompt response and mail reply I
recieved inspite of ton of issue and mail that I am sure keep you very
busy. What is highly appreciated is the time given from your busy schedule to
create a totally fresh and revolutionary open source Application.
Well Back to My Issue--THis is a reply I got from Christpher Aillion at
mozilla;
"Popup window are considered a web annoyance, not a security issue so
this is the wrong place to email. But it sound like a bug that should
be fixed. You should take your report to
http://www.mozilla.org/support/ and/or file a bug."
> Just when we were getting the chink and little annoyance out of 1.01 and
it wa pretty stable here come a seemingly upgraded version 1.02.. Well news
is that itsmore buggy than the previous version in some component and ha
more security hole left open.someone somewhere added some well meaning
component and they boomeranged on the security front> Welcome to the real
world
THTE ISSUE : Just after installing the upgrade that I downloaded from the
update feature in option pane i shut down firefox 1.01
> Immediately after re launching firefox.... imagine my shock when
> i got a pop up window from casalemedia saying my system had 100 critical
errors... and blablabla i had to download something from Casalemedia.com
> Never in the past 12 month have I ever recieved a pop up banner
> or advt... well a few second after the casalemedia opo up wa another pop
up window from errorguard. Both these site have a lot of negative writeups
when you search on google and are also blacklisted by anti-spyware group
> This is the first time these spyware guy seem to have beaten the
> firefox team.

AND HEY -- wouldnt it be nice if we could have a neat Roll Back feature to an
earlier installed version. when people want to go back to a version that
worked just fine on thier machine with all the extension etc. Just an Idea
but I think it time ha come...We have that for Drivers in Windows but no
such luck for Applications.

Another very good point with Firefox Over IE is that contrary to piblic
opinion there are a few site that IE cannot handle wher a Firefox open them
flawlessly...
Like the site freeserials.com or keygen.us IE will block a popup and Just
Lock up OR the site will send a message to 'enable cooky or allow pop ups
before downloading'

Firefox on the other hand is quite safe a it doe block the pop ups and
malware from these site but let one download the link automatically without
an error from the sites.. though these site may not be entirely onthe legal
side but hey help the open source movement in thier own way!!
Its just that with Firefox getting more popular these spyware group will
target your browser with additional fund to develop technology to break your
code
Good Work Guys


Please feel free to contact me for any help

I am a professional digital imaging specialist and actively use my creative
side to create artistic image a well a results.

Best wish
Utsav

Looking forward to an early resolution


Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Launched browser
visited site www.santabanta.com
2.After clicking a few link the annoying pop up happened and there wa no
way in option to turn of this site
3. Shut down browser and relaunched.... work fine now




Expected Results:
Not Allowed these new technology spyware comanies to open pop ups.... I must
add that On the who;e Fire fox ha been quite stable and able to ward of these
kind of pop up attack in the past and still is effective for most sites.
Its just with Firefox getting more popular these syware adware company
are spending more dollar on R&D to break your code
