Main window is corrupted (pages, tabs, new windows, dialogs, menu all fail to display)
User-Agent: Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 6.0; Windows NT 5.1; .NET CLR 1.0.3705; .NET CLR 1.1.4322)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.7) Gecko/20050414 Firefox/1.0.3 StumbleUpon/1.9994

Basically, nearly everything fails to display properly at startup. The program
menu (File, Edit, View...) displays, along with the green and white check for
update button, the major shortcut button (back, forward, and so on), the
address bar, the bookmark toolbar (without showing any of the bookmark that
should be there) and the search box, but that's it.

Symptoms:
- Pages display a white, not highlightable or in any way viewable a a web
page.
- I can browse only by clicking on and typing in the search box (nothing is
visible in the search box while typing, or in the page area after the new page
loads)
- Menus do not work - nothing at all happens when clicking on them.
- View source (accessed via Ctrl+U) doe work.
- Other shortcut (Ctrl+B, Ctrl+H, Ctrl+N, Ctrl+T, F1, etc.) do nothing visible
- Clicking on button like Refresh or Home ha no effect.
- Clicking the check for update button doe cause the program to check for
updates, but no other problem resolve.
- Search while you type produce either no sound or the "not found" "thumping"
sound, accordingly, but without any visible changes.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Start Firefox via shortcut, command line, or any other means.

Actual Results:
See Details.

Expected Results:
Loaded and displayed a web page, a well a properly working menu and dialogs.

I have been using Firefox a my primary browser for months. This ha happened
twice previously on my machine and once on another. In the previous
instances, "searching" by clicking on the search box and typing something (+
Enter), closing Firefox, and restarting resolved the problem. Once, it would
alternate between loading normally and loading with the above symptoms; I had
to uninstall and reinstall any extension to make this alternation stop.

The first warning sign in every case ha been a failure in Firefox to create
new window for browsing. While new tab worked properly, Ctrl+N or any other
attempt to open a new window produce only the hourglass cursor for a couple
of seconds, then nothing. In every instance, the next time Firefox wa
restarted, the above symptom have appeared.

I should note that, this time, the trick above are not working. Firefox is
not usable, at this time.
