Tabbed browser preference update 1.2.7 cause continual but unsuccessful attempt of Firefox to open
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.7.7) Gecko/20050414 Firefox/1.0.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.7.7) Gecko/20050414 Firefox/1.0.4

I received a pop-up in the bottom right of my browser window saying there wa an
update to the tabbed browsing plugin so I installed it, closed Firefox and
reopened, at least tried to. Trouble is that Firefox ha gone mad and instead of
opening it just keep on trying to open ceaslessly. All I can see is in the
Processes tab of the Windows Task Manager where Firefox appears in the list and
keep jumping up and down in the list continuously without ever opening the
program. It doe not stay there long enough to highlight and close before
jumping to a new position in the list again. CPU is running at 100% all the time.

The only way of closing Firefox from it mad antic is to try opening it a
second or third time which show two/three instance of the program in the
Processes tab and then for some reason it give me a chance to click Firefox and
end the process. Often have to do this two or three times.

See my posting here: http://forums.mozillazine.org/viewtopic.php?p=1548286#1548286


Reproducible: Didn't try

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Have several tab open & (I think) Outlook (& possibly another program
running). A pop-up at the bottom right of my window tell me of a new update to
Tabbed Browsing preference (1.2.7).
2.Click to download.
3.Close all Firefox tab & Firefox
4.Try to open Firefox.

Actual Results:
Firefox failed to open but there wa a regularly spaced HDD activity (say at
one-second intervals) a Firefox failed to load. I pressed Alt+Ctrl+Del to open
the Windows Task Manager. No application were running but under the Processes
tab firefox.exe kept appearing, just momentarily, at one position in the list
and then appearing in another position. This in unison with the HDD activity.
Never stationary so I wa never able to highlight it and click End Process. The
Performance tab showed CPU Usage at 100%. Eventually I tried starting Firefox
again by clicking on my Desktop icon so two (and eventually 3) instance of
Firefox appeared in the Processes tab. This slowed the process down long enough
for me to select the name and end the process. I tried to open Firefox again but
had exactly the same result. I restarted the computer but the fault persisted.
Eventually I posted a query to the Firefox general forum (see my previous
reference to the thread) but in the end I did a System Restore to 16th June and
it ha fixed the problem. I presume the update to tabbed browsing is no longer
there. Firefox open a normal. Thank God!

Expected Results:
Firefox should have opened normally with the preference installed.
