Error msg: Memory could not be "read" randomly crash Firefox 1.0.6
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.10) Gecko/20050716 Firefox/1.0.6
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.10) Gecko/20050716 Firefox/1.0.6

**Please note: Have spent few month gathering info before reporting this bug.

Initally start with the error msg: (The instuction at "0x0067cb7f" referenced
memory at "0x0000001c". The memory could not be "read".) when visiting a random
web site, but will continue giving the same error msg if you attempt to load
that specific URL location again.

eg. "tv.com/surface/show/32412/summary.html" will cause my computer to give
this error msg, but I can still visit any other location within this site
without problems. Again, going to "http://www.gamearena.com.au/" would cause
this msg, but going to "http://www.gamearena.com.au/files/" is fine.

Steps taken:

1. A new profile doe not have the problem entering one of these sites, but it
too eventually develops the problem with a random site.

2. Been logged in/out of site ha no effect on random crash or visit after crash.

3. Other thing which do not effect the random event are; Amount of tab open,
program up-time, Amount downloaded, page is loading or loaded. Have even tryed
new installed firefox which is clean of theme or extensions.

Current solution:
I have been backing up my profile on a regular basis which appears to be
effective but is uneconomical. When this error msg is recieved, I reload the
backup but lose any recent change made.

Summary:
Believe the problem is window related, possibly SP2 for XP Pro, but am unable
to find any help in forums. I have taken 4 screenshots of the error and saved
them to HD.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Visit random web site
2.receive error msg.
3.will now receive this error msg everytime you visit location

Actual Results:
The result is random. After many fresh installs and new profiles, I have found
no patterns.

Expected Results:
Not crashed.
