This is a report of a serious bug in the bugzilla problem response area
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.7.10) Gecko/20050716 Firefox/1.0.6
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.7.10) Gecko/20050716 Firefox/1.0.6

There are currently 200 bug report covering nearly every aspect of the event
model. I strongly support everything that this organization does. I use semantic
design and CSS for layout. I adhere strictly to W3C standards, and check
everything I do against the W3C site and ust the Mozilla on line manual for my
main source of referenc. I believe in the primary principal of keeping the web
free and open. I develop web application for small business to give them the
affordable option to help compete with the major corporations. I would be very
sad to have to put a notice on my site that say 'This site can only funition in
Internet Explore because FireFox doe not support W3C standard for javaScript.
I know IE doesn't support support W3C either, but there are always work arounds,
because at least it work the way their manual say it will, so I can convert
it. With FireFox there is just no way to work around many of the bugs. Web
application are one of the fastest growing area in the whole internet
industry. This bug in the system that leaf a key component unfunctional force
proffessional developers, like myself, into the .net world. That's why there are
so many there already.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Type 'event' into the search window. You have 200 example already
2.
3.

Actual Results:
What ha not happend, is that moizilla ha not taken javaScript seriously. The
consensus on all the forum is that javaScript is just for annoying anamations
that nobody wants, and pop ups and virus that we are all trying to kill.
Nobody seems to give any thought to the fact that the web can make application
availble to small business, that perviously could only be used by major
corporations. Things like telecomuting to save traffic problem and the polution
caused by them. But, javaScript is required to make it feasable.

Expected Results:
There are many page in this site, like the 'Site Evangelism Project', that are
very sanctamonius about how some developer do not follow W3C statndards
properly and therefore their site don't render properly in FireFox. I would
expect that you would apply the same level of 'evnagelism' to seeing that
FireFox complies with W3C standard for DOM and javaSrcipt. Or at least
function a your own manual say it should.

I realize that whoever evaluates this will probably not think of this a a true
'bug'. But I urge you to reconsider. A flaw in the organization that result in
a growing segment of the market being unable to use your product, requires just
a much attention a flaw in the product itself. There are many professional,
like myself, who would love to have options, and not have to chain their client
to Microsoft. But until this organization give some priority to these
outstanding bugs, we have no other options. Please let me know when I can put a
link on my site, and all my client sites, to let anyone who come to them,
download the new W3C complient FireFox and break free from the monopoly. And,
when I can start training other developer how to work in !net (no that's not a
typo).
