most of firefox doesn't work, and there is a strange bug or two in Thunderbird.
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.3) Gecko/20040910
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.3) Gecko/20040910

Installed pretty much out of the box a downloaded. And imported bookmark and history and stuff from older mozilla. And created some folder (old mozilla personal toolbar folder) at the (not sure of the name) toolbar, just below the text entry where URL link is typed in.

I installed some theme and changed to a theme called something like Aqua extreme (i think).

Next time Firefox wa restarted i tried to get new theme to Thunderbird. Firefox started with no menues working. Just a blank browser window. No download started. No button seems to work. Nothing happens when some button or menu item is clicked.

I am mostly into Linux/Unix. I dont know how to get a screenshot to illustrate what i'm talking about. I can't say i have any control over what happens in this so called OS. It is mostly click some button and hope it works.


And Thunderbirds bugs...
The bottom bar is about 5cm or 2 inch on a 17" monitor in 1280x1024 mode.

If i have a thunderbird window about 80% - 90% of the hight of the screen and 60% 70% of the width of the screen, and then grab the top bar of the thunderbird window to rezize it, the two... hmmm... square where mailbox and with mail message header is,... the two square above the text message square...

Ok...
grab top bar to shrink the hight of the window. The two square above the mail message square tharts to shrink. The message text square and the 5cm or 2 inch high bottom bar keep it size until the entire window is about 60% of the total screen size. Then the bottom bar start to shrink until it disapears. When the bottom bar disapears into the outer window frame the message text square start to shrink.

The bottom bar contains two line similar to the below:

(the mesage square end here)
[a small picture of a wire] | Unread: 0 | Total 12| |



label="&blockImageCmd.label;"
-----------------------------^




label="&blockImageCmd.label;"
-----------------------------^



(bottom of bottom bar)


shorter description.

Resize window hight from ca 90% of the entire screen size. The two square with mailbox and email header start tho shrink. The big text square and the huge bottom bar keep it size until the window is about 60% of the screen size.

At ca 60% of the screen size the two smaller square stop shrinking and the huge bottom bar start to shrink until it disapears into the outer window frame.

When the bottom bar is gone the text square start to shrink.

When the big text square is gone the two smaller square start to shrink again, and when they too are gone the toolbar start to shrink.

The version is the very latest.

Best regard
Bo

Reproducible: Didn't try

Actual Results:
Hmm... Se above.

Expected Results:
Se above

See above

I'm sorry for the rather unstructured bug report.
