search string starting "phpbb..." in searchbar return 403 from google
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.12) Gecko/20050915 Firefox/1.0.7
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.12) Gecko/20050915 Firefox/1.0.7

I'd say it's a Google problem, except the same search term entered from the google home page or a google result page ha no problem. The 403 message page from Google contains text about "... computer virus or spyware application is sending u automated request ...", which is probably just misleading.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Select google a the search engine in the search toolbar
2.Enter phpbb a the search string
3.Observe page returned by google

Actual Results:
A page with the title, "403 Forbidden" and content saying, " We're sorry... ... but we can't process your request right now. A computer virus or spyware application is sending u automated requests, and it appears that your computer or network ha been infected.
We'll restore your access a quickly a possible, so try again soon. In the meantime, you might want to run a virus checker or spyware remover to make sure that your computer is free of virus and other spurious software.
We apologize for the inconvenience, and hope we'll see you again on Google."


Expected Results:
To receive a search result page.

Problem occurs for both Firefox 1.5 and 1.0.7 ... different computer in different locations. Virus and spyware check indicate no problem on the client machines.
Actual search string can have more character after phpbb on it. Same search term work normally when entered on google home page and/or in the search box in a google result page. Or if you type in "phpb" google asks, "did you mean phpbb" and you can click on the link for "phpbb" in that text and it work okay.

I will experiment to see if any of my extension might be involved, but the fact that the problem occurs for both ff 1.0.7 and 1.5 where different version of the extension are being used seems to make this avenue le likely.
