firefox will not start right will not load ANY web page and i cannot terminate the process firefox.exe
User-Agent: Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 6.0; Windows NT 5.1; SV1; .NET CLR 1.0.3705; .NET CLR 1.1.4322; Media Center PC 4.0)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5

I wa using an older version of firefox (I think 1.0 something, i deleted it) and went to Mozilla's website and downloaded seamonkey. when seamonkey wa downloading it froze up when it said "checking for extentsions" i gave it over an hour to finish and when it didn't i tried to go to start menue- shut down- restart, but nothing happened so i turned off the computer manualy. i restarted and opened seamonkey. it appeared to load fine but i couldn't get any site to load, i got a blank screen with the loading indicator showing that it wa loading and the bottom said connecting to google.com. i gave it a night to try to contact but nothing happened so i tried to uninstall seamonkey and a dialog box came up and said i wa missing a uninstall file, so i tried again and got the same message so i tried Windows add/remove program and seamonkey wasn't listed so i manualy deleted the files. i then tried to launch firefox and the same thing happened where it said it wa loading but wasn't. i then uninstalled firefox and downloaded the new 1.5 and this did nothing to help. i then did a system restore to before all this happened and it didn't change anything. i repeated the uninstall and reinstall process with the same result i then uninstalled all the exensions and restarted the computer manualy (i still can't restart normaly) and when i started firefox the same thing happened. when i try firefox in safe mode the same thing happens.
another problem is that when i close firefox the window close but the task manager show that firefox.exe is still running. when i click on end process nothing happens, it still show that firefox.exe is still running. when i start firefox up again and close it it just add another firefox.exe to the process i have had up to six running at a time.
window and internet explorer work fine

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.start firefox
2.close firefox
3.

Actual Results:
see above

Expected Results:
firefox to load the page
firefox to end the process firefox.exe
