Mozilla firefox prevents pop up window after allowing - saved script are blank
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.12) Gecko/20050915 Firefox/1.0.7
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.12) Gecko/20050915 Firefox/1.0.7

After I complete my call, I execute the save/print command and Firefox block the popup window. I make sure that I have allowed the popup but it's still not allowing it. Right clicking doesn't allow me to add that window, but going into tool options, web features, add site doesn't seem to work.

When I go back to the window where I made my call, and where it say firefox blocked popups, I click on it and then I scroll to the saved scripts, and try to allow a popup. The window pop up blank. There are no saved scripts, just blank area.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.go into tools, options, web features, allowed sites, add www.relaycall.com, save, exit
2. Launch web site http://www.relaycall.com/national/relay.html
3.enter telephone number
4.make a dummy call
5.finish call and click save/print
6.if a window doe not pop up with the script, the browser will launch the white bar firefox prevented this site from opening a popup window. Click here for options.
7. Click where it say options.
8. a window come up. You'll see block popups for www.relay.com
Edit popup block option (click on this - you should see what www.relay.com is saved already from manually going into tools). Get out of that option.
9. Click the mozilla note again about blocked popups. You'll scroll down and see show http:// (ip number)/cgi-bin/transcript-cgi?(bunch of numbers)
that is the saved session that firefox blocked.
10. Click on that saved session and it should launch the transcript session.



Actual Results:
The outcome should be that the transcript should a blank transcript.

Expected Results:
The outcome should be that the transcript should have saved everything you typed in your relay session.

Using Pc Pennicillin, zone alarm, and MS antispyware.

zone alarm set to medium program control
Firewall internet security set to high trusted zone medium
only generic host process for win32 under server internet ha a red X all else is either green checked or question mark.
