browser won't load any site, process remains running after close and cannot be stopped by "end process"
User-Agent: Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 6.0; Windows NT 5.1; SV1; (R1 1.5); .NET CLR 1.1.4322)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5

new install 1.5 browser won't load any site, process remains running after close and cannot be stopped by "end process" or by installer

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. since started, cannot get browser to work even with reinstalls
2.
3.

Actual Results:
ongoing- cannot get 1.5 to work on laptop, each new install behaves same
recently updated FF on my laptop to 1.5. worked fine for 1-2 day and now.....
--when started, doesn't connect- just say "looking for ****" at bottom. page is blank
--can't quit program, even in task manager (end process). tried dozen of times. have to restart. even the installation package can't terminate program
--in task manager, it is listed under process at least 2-4 time (none can be stopped). using anywhere from 4K to 19K memory.

to try and fix, i have reinstalled multi time (have to restart prior each time a cannot terminate) and have done the following:
--cleared the registry of every entry with "mozilla" or "firefox" in it
--cleaned and defragged the registry
--searched for and deleted every folder and file with "mozilla" or "firefox" in it
--done every step on the troubleshooting guide on this site

i have updated to 1.5 on my other two computer and have had no problem. the only program i installed after 1.5 wa fsautostart, and i removed that. each time i reinstall, it doe the same thing when i open it.

i used system restore to go back before i installed 1.5. It restored fine, however now 1.0.7 wont even open- a window will not appear at all (thats new). When i tried to install 1.5 here (to see if it would) it say it cannot close an open instance of firefox. but, there is NO firefox listed in the process list in task manager this time.

this is a dell inspiron 6000 laptop with XP home SP 2 installed. on my two home built computer 1.5 ha worked fine so far_ they run XP pro up to date with updates.


there is a thread in mozilla support under ratman13. at least one other user report similar problems.
