Tab Mix & Tab Mix Plus not opening tab next to current
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.10) Gecko/20050716 Firefox/1.0.6
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.10) Gecko/20050716 Firefox/1.0.6

I have tab mix and I have had tab mix plus set to open tab next to the currently open tab, but always the new tab open at the end of the tab bar, leaving a distance of many tab between the tab I wa working with and the newly opened one. This seems to be an issue with any installation of Firefox and Tab Mix or Tab Mix Plus. I have tried Firefox 1.0.4, 1.0.5 1.0.5 and 1.5 and I get the same results. However there are 2 installation of Firefox (1.0.4 and 1.0.5) where the Extention work properly, but when you login to the computer a a different user and try to set up this option I get this situation.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Install Firefox
2.Install Tab Mix or Tab Mix Plus
3.Set Tab Mix or Tab Mix Plus to open new tab next to currently open tab
4.Open multiple tab
5.Navigate to a tab where there is at least one tab between the currently active one and the last one
6.Try to open a new tab
Actual Results:
The tab that I try to open, open at the end of the Tab Bar. Not next to the currently open tab.


Expected Results:
The tab should open next to the currently open tab. Not at the end of the tab bar leaving a distance of many tab between the one that I wa working on and the one that I wanted to open next to it.

The theme that I am using on the working machine is Bricks. The other working machine is Pimpzilla.
The machine that doesn't work is Bricks. Another that doesn't work is the Default theme. This is a feature that there is a setting for, but doesn't function at all on most installations. I have it working on 2 installations, on 2 different machines. I have tried to get it working on many installation a I often set up many workstation for people in my company.

This just seems to be a pain, a I often have many tab open and it is convenient to have my tab open next to eachother a I like to have the material grouped together not mixed up.
As of now I use miniT drag and drop to group them but TabMix is so convenient on the machine that I do have it working on.
