Add option to disable search engine autodiscovery notification (search bar glow)
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1) Gecko/20061003 Firefox/2.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1) Gecko/20061003 Firefox/2.0

New feature of upcoming Ff2.0 is search engine management and option for web page to provide plug for such search engines.

Presence of site specific search engine in standard theme is indicated by "glowing" up search engine selection button.

The problem is that "glowing" effect isn't optional and to turn it off I have to add the engine, what mess up my search engine list.

Scenario: I want to have 2 engine only so that switching would be very fast. But now I have to have 8 so that there would be no glow on site I have to work with every day. This of course mess up my search engine by useless to me bloat.

That's not the same a SSL indication - which is active only when I work with SSL protected site (and that's rather important bit). RSS indication is also not that annoying, since it is normally available only for particular page with news line only.

The search engine are normally available for whole site - what mean that the button glow on every page I visit, what is redundant and needle to say very irritating.

In other word I want to have and option to turn that glow off. I still might want to add engine from a site - but I do not need to told every time that I can do that.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. go to www.theregister.co.uk - it glow
2. open any article - it still glow
3. open any other article - it glow again
4. open en.wikipedia.org - it glow no mater what
5. open any article - it glow regardless
Actual Results:
Search engine selection button glow every time.

Expected Results:
Search engine selection button doesn't glow at all.

Also a I noted in comment to other bug, mix of blue and gray used for glow is really bad color combination. (I might opine also that Home Page button color in new theme is also stand out too much: brown + gray also mix poorly. I had to remove from toolbar so that it wouldn't irritate my eyes. Previous white icon wa fitting gray interface better.)

P.S. Only workaround I know is to install Google Toolbar and replace standard Ff search with Google's one. But that's again degradation of functionality.
