3 situation when FF lopps into 100% CPU load
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1) Gecko/20061010 Firefox/2.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1) Gecko/20061010 Firefox/2.0

a) use Schwabs StreetSmart.com Java application. The timeout alert (it's all Java) is a little Window that put Firefox in 100% CPU consumption. If the alert is not at the top (it typically isn't) it is very hard to find. The window can only be viewed by minimizing everyhting else, which is extremely slow since Firefox ha CPU hostage.

b) View a PDF and have one of those pesky Adobe update notification come up (typically always since Adobe love u so much) For example install Adobe professional 7 and you will get it every time. This little Window show up below all other Windows and can only be found by minimizing everything. The only clue is that you viwed an in-browser pdf, and the CPU then got extremely slow.

c) Use a laptop on a WPA link where the DHCP server is on the other side of the link. Go to standby. Resume after the DHCP timeout ha expired. Windows go crazy, because it doe not have any IP, and the DHCP is on the other end of WPA which itr doe not understand how to reinvigorate. However, FF start eating ALL CPU so get the Task manager take about a minute. The only way out of this state is to kill firefox from Task Manager. FF doe not for at leats 30 minute release any CPU.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
a)
1. log into schwab.com, click fat orange StreetSmart PRO button shown front and center
2. Wait for 1 hour or whatever your timeout happens to be

b)
1. Install for example Adobe Acrobat professional 7
2. Surf to a web site with a pdf
3. click the pdf url

c)
1. Browse to some website in tab in firefox
2. close the lid of your domain-belonging notebook so it go into standby
3. Wait longer than your dhcp timeout, mine is one hour
4. try resume. It can take 30 minute to log in.



Firefox should not consume all available CPU

If there are pesky alert windows, Firefox should ensure that they show on top upfront and not behind all other WIndows (firefox and other applications)
