New tabbar prohibits display all tab at once & direct access
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1) Gecko/20061010 Firefox/2.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1) Gecko/20061010 Firefox/2.0

The new tab design in 2.0 doesn't allow the _option_ of seeing all tab at once on one line a the old one did. Some people complained about tab overflowing on their tiny screen -- I have a a 1600x1200 screen (have for over 10 years) and am hoping to move to a 1920x1200 or 2-monitor 2400x1600 arrangement.

The new design wa made for people using hardware designed more than a decade ago. While it's nice to have the option to scroll for smaller screens, it's quite annoying now to have to click a side scroll widget 10-30 time to access tabs, then have to click another 10-30 time to get back to the tab you were on.
There is also no way to close multiple (not all) tab leaving your cursor position unchanged. Having to reposition my cursor and find the "x" each time I close a tab is irritating on my RSI; The previous interface allowed 1-click access. Now, I find my normal mouse hand get fatigued more quickly using FF for a long stint due to too many mouse motion to adjust/maintain a large number of tabs. I used to open 30-40 tabs, when doing search and *everyday* when reading news item off of a page like google --- where I want to open all the article of interest, then go and read them. Problem come up if you want to read a tab out of order -- which is very often: frequently, when reading an article, it refers to something else I want to read -- so I open those item in a tab. I open them because I am specifically interested in a _related_ topic. Thus I want to read them out of order -- they are now scrolled off the screen to the far right; I have to either scroll a bunch of times, or try to pick out what the article name is off the side scrollbar menu. That is often not evident -- someone ha often linked a 1-3 word phrase to a web-page, but the web page title is usually something quite different than the 1-3 word hyperlinked phrase.

I moved to a larger display a decade ago to get away from the problem of not having enough screen real-estate to display everything I wanted at the same time. Now the interface ha to be dumbed down to people using screen size from age ago. As I said above -- it's fine to offer scrolling for tiny screens, but it's not fine to force everyone who doesn't choose to a tiny screen into the new, more complex and more difficult to use interface.

Why wasn't the scrolling made an option? Like a config:

|x| Scroll tab when more than |___| tab are open.
|x| Scroll tab when tabsize becomes le than |___| pixel wide.

It seems these are simple design ops -- why weren't these chosen? And please don't ask why I didn't speak up before 2.0 wa crippled. Since I had a wide screen, I wasn't even aware of the small screen user complaining about the previous choice. I didn't have the bug they referred to. Now, the new interface fix a bug that I didn't have, but fix it in a way to break the previous functionality.

Why not make it configurable? That way small screen user can config it to a small value, and people using larger screen (who need them for various reasons; larger fontsize; le scrolling; both one applying to me) aren't penalized by the small screen config.



Reproducible: Always
