Keyboard shortcut not behaving properly when opening a new tab
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1) Gecko/20061010 Firefox/2.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1) Gecko/20061010 Firefox/2.0

When I open a new tab (after using keyboard shortcut ctrl+T) in order to input a new URL, I am often used to having the text cursor blinking in the address bar. Since I have upgraded, this is not the case. In the past, when there is no blinking text cursor, I press the tab key on my keyboard to get the blinking text cursor, but this time, pressing the tab key on a new, blank page only seems to jump around from hyperlink to hyperlink on the tab I wa previously at, from what I can see on the status bar on the bottom of the Firefox window.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open Firefox.
2. Visit any website (eg. www.google.com).
3. Open a new tab using keyboard shortcut ctrl + T.
4. Try to type in a new URL in the address bar of the blank page.
4a. If blinking text cursor is not at address bar, press the tab key on the keyboard to bring up said blinking text cursor. Pay attention to the status bar on bottom of Firefox window. Do you see a correlation between the link you see on the status bar and the link seen on the first tab while still on the blank page?
Actual Results:
The blinking text cursor doe not appear in the address bar, nor doe using the tab key on the keyboard enable the use of said blinking text cursor in the address bar.

Expected Results:
The blinking text cursor should have appeared in the address bar. On the event that it doe not, using the tab key on the keyboard should enable the use of a blinking text cursor in the address bar.

The bug occurs in the default theme.

about:buildconfig details:

Build platform
target
i586-pc-msvc

Build tool
Compiler Version Compiler flag
$(CYGWIN_WRAPPER) cl 12.00.8804 -TC -nologo -W3 -Gy -Fd$(PDBFILE)
$(CYGWIN_WRAPPER) cl 12.00.8804 -TP -nologo -W3 -Gy -Fd$(PDBFILE)

Configure argument
--enable-application=browser --enable-update-channel=release --enable-official-branding --enable-optimize --disable-debug --disable-tests --enable-static --disable-shared --enable-svg --enable-canvas --enable-update-packaging
