Periodic "stalling" of firefox after variable browse time (< 1 hour generally) when Outpost Firewall is on PC
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.1) Gecko/20061204 Firefox/2.0.0.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.1) Gecko/20061204 Firefox/2.0.0.1

Firefox Version: 2.0.0.1 (and 2.0)
OS: WinXP SP2
Outpost Firewall Version: 4.0.971.7030 (584)

Symptom: Firefox 2.x work correctly for some amount of time (generally le than 1 hour, sometimes a much a 2). After indeterminate time, typing in a new URL or choosing a bookmark result in an "idle" spinning of the activity indicator in top right. Once this occurs, NO open tab (or additionally opened tabs) work... they all have the "waiting for website" type spinning. Sites NEVER time out. Menues still responds... can open new tabs... close existing tabs... etc. When you close firefox (with close "x" or through "File" menue), you get the normal prompt "You have more than one tab open" kind of message if you do. You exit, and it appears to have closed. However, Firefox.exe process continues to exist in Task Manager under "processes". You have to manually end the process. It us NO processor time, but the memory footprint remains static.

This ha been attempted multiple times... using the "in-place upgrade" from 1.5.0.9, a well a un-installing 1.5.0.9, deleting both Mozilla folder in "Documents and Settings", and then installing 2.x. 1.5.x doe not exhibit the problem.

Outpost firewall is in "prompting mode", where it asks for "Allow" or "Block" on previously un-defined network access of Firefox. I get no prompt immediately before the stall.

During troubleshooting, I added a "System" level Outpost firewall rule to allow ALL incoming and outgoing TCP traffic to the loopback adapter address (localhost... 127.0.0.1). This seems to resolve the issue. I find it odd I'm not prompted by Outpost, since I've had mutliple application that have requested the same access and triggered a popup.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Install Firefox 2.0 on machine with Outpost Firewall, having no global "Loopback address" allow rule
2. Browse some in one or more tabs... a good trigger is to leave a tab on cnn.com, since it periodically auto-refreshes.
3. Eventually a stall occurs.
Actual Results:
Firefox stop loading pages. ALL pages.

Expected Results:
Continued loading pages, and or triggered an Outpost event (which most apps do).

Since all other apps I have used that require loopback access have triggered a "Learning mode" prompt from Outpost, I'm not sure why this one is not. I find it very odd... I'm guessing either some uncommon usage of the address, or just something the vendor didn't think of. I've read report of similar issue with other firewall product on the Mozillazine forums.
