FireFox 2.0 will not display a >1.4 MB page that ha been gzipped (IE will)
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; nl; rv:1.8.1.1) Gecko/20061204 Firefox/2.0.0.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; nl; rv:1.8.1.1) Gecko/20061204 Firefox/2.0.0.1

I'm the admin of the crossfire.nu site, which is a community site for the game Wolfenstein: Enemy Territory. Recently a cheater site ha been hacked and all their member info (thus player using cheat in the game) have been exposed, and the result have published on crossfire.nu here:

http://www.crossfire.nu/?x=forum&mode=item&id=2652

The drama resulting from these cheater made public ha resulted in the page getting over 1000 comment and rising, so that the page got fairly huge (>1.6MB at the time of writing). Now, by default all the page on Crossfire are compressed using gzip. However, for this page in particular, FireFix will not display it. It just show a blank page with no content, and the URL a the page title. All other page still work fine, just this one doesn't. It also work fine in IE 7. When I turn the compression off, the page load again. But, it's then eating up our bandwidth a we have about 400 user refreshing the page every few seconds, resulting in 640MB+ bandwidth every few seconds.

So we're in a no-win situation here. Either we don't compress the page and have the site run slow because the bandwidth is getting pounded, or we do compress it and leave 85% of our user unable to view the one page all the fuss is about.

I figure it ha something to do with FireFox being unable to render gzipped page over a certain size, a all the other (significantly smaller) page still worked, and IE 7 loaded the page just fine a well. And I thought I'd let you know.

I'm not sure whether or not the server ha anything to do with this. I tried reproducing this error by outputting a copy of the page on another server also using gzip compression, and it seemed to work fine there. So that might imply that the server ha something to do with it (perhaps a limit on the amount of gzip-compressed data sent), but then why doe IE7 render the page correctly ?

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
Unfortunately I cannot let the page reproduce the bug for reason explained above. However, I am willing to show you for a brief instant if required, but I can't leave the page blank to 85% of our user in these troubled time :o)
Actual Results:
FireFox 2.0 just show an empty, blank page with the URL of the page a the page title.

Expected Results:
I expected it to render the page a normal, without failing.

I have a few add-on to my FireFox installation:
FlashGot 0.5.97.03
Free Download Manager plugin 1.0
ChatZilla 0.9.77
Web Developer 1.0.2

However, I don't believe these matter, a the instant I put on the compression again, I get spammed by lot of people that the site isn't working :) So it's not just me.
