Firefox 2.0.0.2 try to open unauthorised random port at startup; if port access is refused, Firefox cannot access web site
User-Agent: Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 6.0; Windows NT 5.1; SV1; .NET CLR 1.1.4322; InfoPath.1; .NET CLR 2.0.50727)
Build Identifier: 2.0.0.2

I just upgraded Firefox from 2.0.0.1 (I think) to version 2.0.0.2.
I have ZoneAlarm installed, which intercept all connection open requests.
My PC is behind a firewall with user authentication.
Whenever I start firefox, ZoneAlarm report me that Firefox is trying to connect to 127.0.0.1:<random port>.
The port is different every time.
If I allow ZoneAlarm to authorize the connection, Firefox start and ZoneAlarm report a new request of Firefox to connect to a random local port.
Again, if I authorise this connection, Firefox is then capable of connecting to the firewall, and then to the Internet.

On the contrary, if I refuse either the first or the second connection authorisation, Firefox report a problem in the connection to the proxy, and I cannot access Internet anymore.
I have then to quit Firefox.


allows me to

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. launch Firefox 2.0.0.2
2. ZoneAlarm request the authorisation to allow Firefox connect to 127.0.0.1:<random port>
3. do not authorise the connection
4. Firefox start
5. ask Firefox to open any URL on the Internet
6. Firefox report not to be able to connect to the proxy
Actual Results:
If I authorise Firefox's connection to the random local ports, Firefox behaves a expected;
on the contrary, if I refuse to authorise the connection, Firefox is no more able to connect to the proxy, and then to the Internet

Expected Results:
Obviously, Firefox should correctly connect to the proxy, and then to the requested site

this problem wa not present in Firefx 2.0.0.1.

I upgraded Firefox this morning, and the problem immediately shown up.

I cannot understand why Firefox should try to open local connection without being requested, so I think this is a potential security issue.
