Everytime I seem to have page on ebay open my browser and computer slows down massively every few second to no end.
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.4) Gecko/20070515 Firefox/2.0.0.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.4) Gecko/20070515 Firefox/2.0.0.4

Every time I seem to have page on ebay open my browser and computer slows down massively every few second to no end. When I try to type thing in ebay's email system the browser will start processing something and what I type is delayed for over 10 second sometimes seemingly longer and it happens after a mere two words.

I got only once, and after many day of this occurring, this message that I have never seen before:

A script in this movie is causing Adobe Flash Player 9 to run slowly. If it continues to run...

I just now thought I discovered the culprit: The very first tab showed itself loading, and it wa from a site called teenspot.com which show flash banner on top on various pages. When I clicked the tab a message popped up saying:

"Adobe player ha stopped a potentially unsafe" blah blah blah. And then I noted I had another site on teenspot open, and when I looked at the page I saw this error message where the flash banner was:

400 Bad Request

Bad request: GET http://images.teenspot.com/ads/topbanner_ros.html HTTP/1.1

The strange thing was, wa that on the other first page, the flash banner had still been running apparently.

Well, I've closed both teenspot site and now thing are much better, although I can still hear my harddrive crunching away ever few second even now.

Okay now it just got heavy again and firefox delayed my typing. It did it again and the browser went into "not responding" mode this time when I just switched tab to see if any other flash ad are running. This sucks.

Please forward this problem to adobe.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open multiple tab to various website especially one on ebay.

2. Ask seller question on various auction site about the item they are selling (there are seller "ask" link on ebay's auction sites)

3. Wait for the browser to slow tremendously a you type.
Actual Results:
Duh.

Expected Results:
Duh.
