please add automated way to block ad
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X; en-US; rv:1.8.1.3) Gecko/20070309 Firefox/2.0.0.3
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X; en-US; rv:1.8.1.3) Gecko/20070309 Firefox/2.0.0.3

I would like firefox to add a window to enter URLs from which firefox will not load objects. SWF/shockwave embedded flash object are high on my list. I am currently using Page Info to identify the URLs of embedded object and add them to my HOSTS file pointing to localhost to collapse them out, but I would like an automated way to do this. This goan can be accomplished several ways, depending on how much work you want to go to.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
when a page load an embedded shockwave object, you cannot control-click on the object to load it in a new window. (I would call this a bug!) Simply adding "open object in new tab/window" to that contextual menu would really help us. Or "copy object URL" would work too. Better still would be adding an option to add the object's URL (the domain name only) to the earlier described list of domain to not load object to. ("adfarm.doubleclick.net" etc) Please present a warning if the domain of the embedded object is the same a the page being viewed - a very small number of ad are hosted on the same server a the page.
Actual Results:
this would take the average user about 10 minute to remove all the highly annoying animated ad from all their favorite pages. It should be very easy for even new user to figure out how to use.

Expected Results:
I have just submitted a bug report on Page Info because it seems to not list all embedded objects. I wa previously using this a a very inconvenient way of finding the url (domain) of embedded ad to host them out, but now that's not working reliably anymore so we really need this feature now.

If this is a dup it would not entirely surprise me but I did look, it's a big list. ;) If it is a dup, please check to see if my additional/alternate idea to solve this problem are included in the original, else please copy and paste them over so whoever work on this issue ha a variety of option to meet the goal.
