Google Analytics strange behavior, code from it loaded in other tab even if Google page tab is closed
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.2; en-US; rv:1.8.1.7) Gecko/20070914 Firefox/2.0.0.7
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.2; en-US; rv:1.8.1.7) Gecko/20070914 Firefox/2.0.0.7

First of all, I'm not sure if this is a bug but I think it's a strange behaviour which may also cause security problems.

Google Analytics allows webmaster to see in a popup the layout of a website and, when mouse is hovered over the link of the page, you see how many people have clicked on that specific link. This is probably done with Javascript.
After I close the popup, if I open a new tab and try to access that website I have previously checked the click with Google Analytics, the page load with the script from Google Analytics, a if it's that popup I have closed before.
This behavior is even more strange because the page load with that Javascript from Analytics even if I have closed all tabs, including the one from Google Analytics website.

It's hard to explain, therefore I have created a screen capture of about two minutes, illustrating what happens.

You can see a Flash movie of it or download an avi version of the screen capture from here:

http://www.definethis.org/temp/bugzilla/index.html

The avi version are about 4 and 9 MB, the Flash is about 3 MB.

Here is what happens inside the video:

1. Firefox started
2. The website tested is loaded
3. Google Analytics is loaded on the same page
4. Opening the Dashboard for the test website and navigating to Content > Site overlay
5. The overlay popup load and show the test website with the click information
6. The overlay popup is closed using the Close button on the corner of the window (not the close link, though i haven't tested to see if it change something)
7. A new tab is created and the test website is accessed.
8. The test website is loaded a if it wa the report popup, with the Google Analycs code.
9. The test website is closed, a new blank tab is created and the Google Analytics tab is closed (in order to have a Google Firefox "fresh" browser).
10. Firefox is completely closed and restarted.
11. The test website is accessed and load normaly.
12. A new tab is created, Google Analytics is accessed, Dashboard for test website is opened
13. The test website tab is closed.
14. The site overlay popup is opened and closed.
15. The test website is opened in new tab, again it load with the Google Analytics code.
16. The test website tab is closed, a blank tab is created and the Google Analytics tab is closed ("fresh" browser")
17. The test website is opened and load again with the Google Analytics code even though it's the only open tab (unlike before when Google tab wa still open)

My question is: is it normal for Google Analytics to have access to other tab or my test website to load with the code from Analytics even though I have closed all tab from Google?

I am going to check the Security checkbox because the way this act just doesn't seem right to me. I'm sorry if I'm giving you extra work or if I'm exaggerating.

PS. the white rectangle on the video are to hide my email address and other personal things.

PS2. Just tested in IE7, seems to work identically, without any warnings.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
Please see video. Steps to reproduce the problem are explained above, if you have Google Analytics account it can be easily tested.
