multiple Foxfire window open for Hotmail all show same email account login
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.8.1.11) Gecko/20071127 Firefox/2.0.0.11
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.8.1.11) Gecko/20071127 Firefox/2.0.0.11

My friend's system us FireFox for internet access (I use Internet Explorer) - I opened a new window for each Hotmail account I wanted to access. As I logged into each separate email account, each of the Foxfire window all were of the current account I wa trying to login to.
How can I have separate open FireFox window open to Hotmail so that I can be logged into separate account so that when I switch between the window, I am not looking at the same account on all the open windows?

How come the separate open window are "connecting with each other and reacting to whatever command I do in each separate window?

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Open Foxfire window and go to Hotmail.com
2.Login to email account maknmony2@hotmail.com
3.open another FireFox window and go to Hotmail.com
4.Login to email account lifeofnorm@hotmail.com
5. when I click back to the first window where I logged into maknmony2@hotmail.com, that window now show the stuff from lifeofnorm@hotmail.com
6. If I now signout on the first window and reenter maknmony2@hotmail.com and go back to the second window, it will show the signout page or where it show maknmony2@hotmail.com instead of staying in lifeofnorm@hotmail.com.

7.I want to be able to go back and forth to access each account so that while I am waiting for one to process what I wa doing, I could go to another one and work out of that one.
Actual Results:
each window ended up showing the result of my current action taken in any of the open FireFox window

Expected Results:
When in window 1 signed into Hotmail for maknmony2@hotmail.com, it should stay in that account until I physically signout or close the the window.

When click to another open window where I am signed into Hotmail.com for lifeofnorm@hotmail.com, it should stay in that account.

When I go back to window 1, the maknmony2@hotmail.com should still be in the state that I left it and not showing the lifeofnorm@hotmail.com account
