Blog editing error in Firefox 3
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.14) Gecko/20080404 Firefox/2.0.0.14
Build Identifier: Firefox 3 (not installed any longer)

To whom it concerns,
I have downloaded the new Firefox 3 and found that it ha a serious problem that I and others are experiencing. I tried posting to the support forum but found that I can't even do that because of this problem. What I learned tonight is that the weather service blog that I use is not compatible with Firefox 3 in the blog or comment edit mode. Apparently this same problem exists with Firefox 3 and the Firefox Support forum since I wa unable to post anything in the forum. The weather service that I am referring to is called The Weather Underground and is based in Michigan and California. I have had problem with Firefox 2 with character limitation while editing my blog also. I never had any problem with Firefox 1.5. What I'm experiencing now with Firefox 3, and you need to know that many other user on The Weather Underground are having the same problem, is after a post is made to a comment area, it's impossible to edit the post. When a change is made, the screen bloom and the computer ha to be refreshed to restore the screen to normal. Afterwards is becomes apparent that the change to the blog or comment have not been made. This problem doesn't show up in Firefox 2 or 1.5 and not IE6 either. I don't understand why this wa not caught before releasing this product. This is a serious problem.

Note that I have since removed Firefox 3 from my computer (which turned into a real nightmare) and am using Firefox 2, Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.14) Gecko/20080404 Firefox/2.0.0.14, currently. Also note that the URL I gave is only important up to the section "/comment.html". The information after that is to identify the particular user of this service. Everyone that I've talked to who ha tried the new Firefox 3 release ha found the same exact problem on any blog at the Weather Underground. This problem appears to be unique to Firefox 3. I don't do any blog on any other service so I'm not aware if this problem occurs on any other service.


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Blog content are posted with out problem.
2. Using the blog edit feature to make change or correction to blog or comment in blog appears to work just fine until the post button is clicked.
3. Then the screen image of the blog bloom and get distorted with part of the blog image ending up in the wrong locations. Basically the image get torn up and repasted like a jig saw puzzle.
4. Doing a refresh or reload of the URL corrects the screen image of the blog, but then it becomes apparent that nothing of the edited content got posted to th blog or comment.
5. I have tried this many time with the same result every time.

Actual Results:
Posting the first time to a blog or comment box work just fine.
Trying to change the blog or comment result in a screwed up screen only.
Nothing of the changed content make it to the blog or comment box.


Expected Results:
Changes made to a blog or comment normally appear with in 30 second after posting or making changes.


I have used Internet Explorer 6 and Firefox version from 1.5 to the current version of 2.0.0.14 and all post to The Weather Underground blog just fine with no problem in editing a blog or comment with one exception. I have recently noticed that Version 2.0.0.14 of Firefox run into a character limitation on my blog when trying to make change that I've never noticed before. This problem is separate from the problem Version 3 of Firefox which for some reason doesn't have the character limitation issue. It just doesn't post change made to the blog period.
