Flash 9 in FF3 crash on this web page trying to load a movie
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008052906 Firefox/3.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008052906 Firefox/3.0

Here is a problem that wa posted over in Mozilla.Support.Firefox on June 24
entitled "FF3 Crashes on this Webpage." It ha been thoroughly thrashed out
there but with no solution. I bring it here seeking a solution because
there seems to be a conflict between FF3 and Win XP. I am not the OP and I
hope by bringing it here I have not offended this NG or
Mozilla.Support.Firefox in any way.

Briefly, the problem is that this site http://www.ramonadisposal.com cause
a crash in Firefox and produce an error message saying,"Firefox ha
encountered a problem an need to close...." The error signature is:

AppName: firefox.exe
Appversion 1.9.0.3071 ModName ntdll.dll
ModVer 5.1.2600.5512

and seems to occur when Flash Player try to show the large image in the
upper right corner of the site. The small image on the left display
correctly.

Now for the specifics.

I have Firefox 3 installed on my Laptop and my desktop. Both are running XP
Home SP3 and Adobe Flash Player 9.0.124.0. The laptop render the site just
fine but the desktop produce the error above. I installed Firefox on both
machine from my administrative account (MAIN). If I go to this site while
running a MAIN the error occurs. HOWEVER, if I switch to the guest account
or any other account including the Administrator, the site render with no
problems. That seems very strange to me.

What I have done:

I have compared the Firefox prefs.js and user.js file on both machine and
they are identical.

I have used the FF Profile manager to run FF on the desktop with the
laptop's profile but the problem still exits.

I have deleted FF on the Desktop and installed it again. No luck

Running FF in the safe mode (firefox.exe -safemode) doesn't solve the
problem. Likewise, booting XP into safe mode doesn't either.

Will someone please give me some help on getting FF to display this site
correctly from my MAIN account on the desktop.

Thank you very much.



Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Simply go to www.ramonadisposal.com
2.
3.
Actual Results:
I get the system error message state above

Expected Results:
Web page display the image(movie)
