Lots of problems, SSL cert don't work, extension don't work. Security update don't work. Firefox on Debian don't work
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.15) Gecko/20080623 Firefox/2.0.0.15
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.15) Gecko/20080623 Firefox/2.0.0.15

I expected to download a quality web browser but instead I got a shit product called Firefox. Firefox is not quality but an absolute mess of programming. The first issue is that the Mozilla org doe not offer security update separate from other updates. The second problem is that the Mozilla org belief it's user are stupid and must be protected from self signed SSL cert at all cost. The third issue is the protection racket operated by Mozilla org on behalf of Google and the famous SSL operator Verisign/Thawte and a few others but mostly those 2. So free software friendly cert from Cacert is not included because there is no money to be made. The fourth issue is the Mozilla org zombie advocate that talk like a broken record...it's not a memory leak it's a feature and other assorted tunnel speak. Fifth problem is that many extension that work great with Firefox2 are no longer available for installing without user registration at the extension site because they don't work with Firefox3. Which brings u to the issue of Mozilla org taking it's user for granted and treating them like baby with shitty diapers. It is not the responsibility of Mozilla org to determine user are stupid and unable to see for themselves whether an extension is right for them or not. Just you wait there money to be made off those user registration eventually. Sixth issue is the co-terror rained down upon u via Adobe-Flash and Firefox. The Firefox developer are unable to comprehend that Flash plugin problem are not the fault of Adobe but instead are the sole problem of Mozilla org. If only Mozilla org developer would pull there ass off their head and prevent Flash from taking down the web browser. Flash problem are handed off to a third party that don't give a FLYING FUCK ABOUT THEIR USERS BECAUSE THEY ARE A FUCKING MONOPOLY! Other plugins are not a bad but Sun Java come to mind. Seventh problem is the lack of 64 bit and the lack of msi installer. Jesus, you would think it's still 1999 a prince sang according to Mozilla org. You don't wait until you need 64 bit you start now you morons. 20 year from now we won't be talking about Bill Gates and 640K ram, no we will be talking about Mozilla org and 64 bit. We will all remember about Asa saying no one will ever need 64 bit. How hard can it be to create an official msi installer for Windows. Hell even Valve with the steam client doe it. Python doe it, Perl doe doe it, Mozilla don't. Eighth issue is screwing Debian. What are you guys, free software, NOT! Why the free software community give you a pas is beyond me what with all the non-free crap in the code. I really like how you made it seem like the Debian people were anal tight when it wa you all along. Hell you even got that retarded Linux-Eweek writer on your side, the one with the bird nest for a face. Ninth issue is Mozilla org is raking in the money and so are the developer but where is the free software love. FlightGear is a good project that could benefit from a donation. What about the Mplayer project. But donating would steal your profit right? Tenth issue is I'm using Firefox not because it's the best browser but because it's the lesser of the browser evil and that is so wrong.

P.S. Fix the FUCKING CURSOR in the "Report A Broken Web Site"

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Go to http://www.mozilla.com/en-US/firefox/
2.Download and install and run Firefox
3.Experience pain
Actual Results:
The web work well enough. Though thats not saying allot.

Expected Results:
It should have vomited up the non-free code and spit it out.

The Mozilla organization ha fallen so far. What happened to you people.
