After closing a new tab that is a diverted new window, Firefox should return to the originating (parent) tab, but only if no tab switching ha occurred after the new tab wa opened
A feature implemented a couple year ago was: "After closing a new tab that wa a diverted new window, Firefox should return to the originating (parent) tab, but only if no tab switching ha occurred after the new tab wa opened". This wa a feature that wa originally described in Bug 279574 and implemented in Bug 308396, but ha recently regressed in the trunk for me.

I have further tested it in the official release 3.0.1 on Vista, but even more oddly, I can't even get the step to reproduce the bug to work there, and not because it is functioning properly there, but because something further is going wrong where the link isn't even being diverted to a new tab, but, instead being opening in the same tab.

Gavin Sharp told me to open a new bug report about this, since the other one wa a few year old, so here are the preliminary step to reproduce, at least, in the trunk. Try it in the offical release and see what you get, a well.

Steps to reproduce:
1.) Set browser.link.open_newwindow.restriction to 0 and make sure browser.link.open_newwindow is set to 3.
2.) Go to http://www.htmlcodetutorial.com/linking/linking_famsupp_170.html, but don't click on anything there yet.
3.) Open another tab to the right of this one, and it can be blank.
4.) Go back to the first tab you just opened.
5.) Click on the "My popup" part of the image map.
6.) Close this tab that ha just popped up.

Expected results:
Firefox will switch back to the tab where you clicked the link.

Actual results:
Firefox switch to the second tab (the one that wa to the left of the one you just closed).

As far a what it is I am experiencing on the official release build, I can't figure it out, a I don't know of any other setting that deal with diverting a new window to a new tab but the one I have listed above.


Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1a1pre) Gecko/2008071903 Minefield/3.1a1pre ID:2008071903
