Mail preview are not displaying properly with the new "Fast Dial" extension.
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.1) Gecko/2008070208 Firefox/3.0.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.1) Gecko/2008070208 Firefox/3.0.1

After downloading and running the new fast dial extension, I started running into problem with different email servers. I use aim.com and yahoo.com frequently and both had their issues.

At yahoo.com after logging into the mail server, there is a preview section that allows you to see the email without actually opening it. With the fast dial extension running, the mail preview display the about:blank page instead with all the windows. (if that make sense)

At aim.com I couldn't even log in to my mail account, so I don't know if it'll display properly or not.

I tried shutting Firefox completely and then restarting again, but I had the same problems. I then decided to disable the fast dial extension to see if that wa the problem, and everything ran normal again.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Enable the Fast Dial Extension
2a. Go to Yahoo.com
3a. Log in
4a. Click on the Inbox Tab
5a. Single Click on a message to bring up the preview in the large box below
6a. Fast Dial Windows appear in the large box: Shouldn't be there, instead a preview of the message should appear.

2b. go to aim.com
3b. Log in
4b. Error message


Actual Results:
As I said above: The message preview show the fast dial window instead. Or a on aim.com I can't even log in.

Expected Results:
I should be able to get a preview of the message in the box without having to physically open the email.

Like I said before, a soon a I disabled the Fast Dial Extension everything returned to normal. If yahoo and aim are having a problem with this extension, I'm sure others are a well, I just didn't take the time to investigate it to that extent.

For the short time I used the Fast Dial extension, I really liked it. The concept is awesome, it just need to get all the kink worked out.
