phpMyAdmin (over https?) cause systemwide panic, even after firefox.exe is killed
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.2) Gecko/2008091620 Firefox/3.0.2
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.2) Gecko/2008091620 Firefox/3.0.2

Using phpMyAdmin version 2.11.8 hosted on a Gentoo Linux (2.6.24-r3 on PPC) via Apache (API version 20051115) and PHP (PHP/5.2.6-pl7-gentoo). phpMyAdmin is set up to authenticate to MySQL server using a HTTP Authentication. Firefox is running on Windows XP Home Edition SP3 (Build 2600.xpsp.080413-2111 : Service Pack 3).

After running Firefox and using phpMyAdmin consistenly, after an hour of use (with 4 other tabs) certain not-so-common operation such a adding field to existing tables, etc. cause Firefox to hang while performing the operation. When I use Ctrl+Alt+Delete to bring up the task manager (if it not too late) I can kill firefox.exe, and it go away. Regardless of whether or not I manage to kill it about 30~60s after it start hanging (and whether or not I could kill it and go away) the whole system becomes suddenly unresponsive. The mouse move smoothly, but windows, Start Menu, other applications, etc. Are EXTREMELY slow to respond. Most often I am forced to reset my computer.


Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
(Happens sometimes... because it hard to reproduce and take time)
1. Run Firefox and connect to a server/phpMyAdmin setup a described above.
2. Use phpMyAdmin doing normal operations. Test everything you can (USE JUNK DATABASES, NOTHING IMPORTANT) Try everything from making new DBs/tables, altering them, adding new fields, etc., dropping tables, dropping dbs.
3. After around an hour or so of use (from my experience) reloading a page will suddenly hang firefox. Buttons on the interface (Back buttons, for ex.) wont highlight like they normally do.
4. You'll get the hourglass. At this point try to open Task Manager and kill firefox. Whether or not you manage to kill firefox.exe, Clicking the startmenu, using other application will soon become unresponsive, but will never crash.
5. At this point thing get really harder to control, and eventually you'll be forced to reset the system.


Actual Results:
I described them a part of the step above.

Expected Results:
The page (phpMyAdmin) should have loaded showing that the change I made would have either succeeded or failed.

I had like four tab open while doing this. Two of them wa a script I wa developing and MIGHT have minor error in it like inconsistent table etc., but they showed up okay. Also, I wa using phpDesigner 2008 6.1, and uTorrent wa running in the background. I wa also using Pidgin 2.5.1.

Severity is critical only by going what the dropdown box say it does. Plus it really hard to save work in other application when this happens. Its just a drastic a a BSOD on windows, because it pretty much cripple the system forcing the user to reset it.
