Bookmarks extremely difficult to save; organize
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.3) Gecko/2008092417 Firefox/3.0.3
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.3) Gecko/2008092417 Firefox/3.0.3

Hi there! Would you please let me know if you are working on bookmark on the firefox toolbar in this respect?



When I am trying to bookmark a page, I like to put it into one of my folder on it own new folder. But:



1. the “new folder” feature doesn’t show me at all that I can name that new folder;

2. when I see that I have created a new folder submissive to the larger branch, I cannot rename it;

3. I am asked all the time whether I want delicious to remember the bookmark also, however, the way that happens is very mixed up. I try to save first in bookmark in a new folder subservient to a higher level folder, for instance, the branch called “firefox.” I want, for instance, a new folder for “firefox version history.” At the time I go to make the bookmark, I am asked, THEN, if I want to also save to delicious. So I say yes, since the bookmark system a it is now is driving me up the wall. And then, I don’t see the delicious bookmark site until AFTER I have attempted to create a new file folder in bookmarks, a above.

4. and so, I get aggravated and then just give up trying to save my bookmark to a new folder, and then

5. I can see the area necessary to save to delicious. But the problem with THAT is that I often do not want to save to delicious, but I must because I cannot name a new folder in bookmarks. And

6. I cannot see if the “new folder,” which I am unable to name, is subservient to it higher branch. All I see is “new folder,” but I do not know where that is located.



Either this is a bug with firefox 3.0, 3.0.1, 3.0.2, and 3.0.3, or else I am not knowledgeable of what to do to save bookmark the way I want to. In addition, kindly point me to a current link whereby I can:



Easily organize my bookmarks. There are SO MANY since I began to use firefox a my browser in 2004 that simply hang at the bottom of the bookmark tab and are not inside of folders. It is ridiculous how many there are outside of a file folder, so I would appreciate knowing how to organize them into folder in an easy way.



Thanks and I want to say, you folk are SO MUCH better than m ie!!!



Sincerely, karen


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.
2.
3.


Expected Results:
should give me a mean by which i can choose where my bookmark will be in a new folder;

should allow me to rename the new folder a well a see that it is where i want it to be

should be logical step to copy the bookmark to delicious also
