Compatibility problem with Apple MobileMe (formerly dot Mac) hosting web site.
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.5; en-US; rv:1.9.0.3) Gecko/2008092414 Firefox/3.0.3
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.5; en-US; rv:1.9.0.3) Gecko/2008092414 Firefox/3.0.3

(I have also reported hte first of the two problem to Apple a a bug.)

My personal web site is located on my MobileMe iDisk. Previously I have uploaded to the site using the OS X Finder, which is unbearably slow, so this time I uploaded two new page using the MobileMe web site. I also had to update the home page to link to them, and uploaded it through the web site.

PROBLEM 1

All of this worked perfectly when tested a file on a local drive. From the web site, however, the home page would not load into Firefox. Firefox identified it a a Hypertext page, but presented me with a pane asking what I wanted to open it with. When I told it "Firefox", OS X presented me with a warning that this wa an executable downloaded from the Internet.

Oddly, the home page opened with no problem in Safari and Opera. I fired up a different iMac and again Safari handled the page but Firefox did not.

I re-uploaded the home page using the Finder and Firefox no longer had a problem loading that page. So if you test, you should not find a problem with the home page.

PROBLEM 2

Going on to the two new page (URL above plus 2008_7-11b), clicking on a thumbnail should load the full-size picture into the same tab in the browser, replacing the page. Instead, Firefox downloads the jpeg and open it in Preview. Safari and Opera do not do this; they open the jpeg in the browser a expected.

If you look at some of the other page in my web site you will see that all behave a expected in Firefox except for the two new page that were uploaded through MobileMe (and Firefox, I should add).

Re-uploading the two .html file did not correct the problem.

There appears to be some strange interaction between Firefox and MobileMe that doe not affect Safari or Opera.





Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open the indicated URP or it sibling.
2. Click on any thumbnail
3.
Actual Results:
Full size jpeg is downloaded.

Expected Results:
Jpeg should open in the browser.


The page were constructed using KompoZer.
