Firefox slower than usual on startup - History take age to load, slows computer
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; nl; rv:1.9.0.3) Gecko/2008092417 Firefox/3.0.3 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; nl; rv:1.9.0.3) Gecko/2008092417 Firefox/3.0.3 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

Hello,

A. Since today, Firefox, which always operates swiftly seems to suffer from a slowdown on start-up, even after ending a session and restarting one. It used to take about 4 second to load, now it take sometimes 30 to 40 second (see below, too).
B. When clicking on History, either from the Menu bar or from the tool bar icon, everything (including the computer itself) slows down to a super crawl - amounting to immobilization of the machine. This can take up to 1 minute! And every operation inside the History panel is also very slow.

Please note that, once Firefox itself ha started and is operational, all operation seem to work perfectly well and without a hiccup.

Strange occurrence: after invoking "History", then closing Firefox then wanting to fire it up again, I get an error message saying that Firefox is still active. It is only after clicking OK on that error message, and starting the program, that everything seems to work again - except for the reported slowdown with History.

Note also that when one open History again after such a restart, the panel doe not even complete: no icons, and only text is visible. Worse: you can not do anything with it.

Please also note that merely passing the mouse over "History" on the menu also slows down the whole operation (including the PC), until the pull down panel appears.

Finally note that the real bad problem only occurs with "History". All the rest seems to function normally - once Firefox is up and running.

I did not do anything special today, did not even open many site (if need be, and if that is possible for you to receive, I can provide you with a screen shot of the visited sites, although I do not think that this would be of any consequence).

It is my belief that I should reinstall the program. Or maybe it can be repaired in one fashion or another, in which case I would like to know how.

Thanks for looking this up. FF and Thunderbird are fantastic software programs!

Harry Kümel

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open the program (takes too long)
2. Click on "History" (takes age and slows down PC to a crawl)
3.
Actual Results:
As said: general slowdown, especially (and exclusively) with History.

Expected Results:
Just do all thing it doe and ha always done in a swift manner.
