Adding new child folder to Bookmarks Toolbar parent folder renames other Bookmarks Toolbar parent folder.
User-Agent: Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 6.0; Windows NT 5.1; SV1; Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 6.0; Windows NT 5.1; SV1) ; MS Internet Explorer; .NET CLR 1.1.4322; .NET CLR 2.0.50727; .NET CLR 3.0.04506.30; MS-RTC LM 8; InfoPath.2)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.5) Gecko/2008120122 Firefox/3.0.5

Similar issue to #449409.

Config: 10 folder on toolbar, each folder ha multiple folder within, each having several

links.

When bookmarking a new link, and adding this link to a newly created child folder at first level

below the parent folder on the Bookmarks Toolbar, the name of the new child folder also renames a

different parent folder on the Bookmarks Toolbar to the same name a the new child folder.

Example:
These are the existing Bookmarks Toolbar parent folders: Development eBay News Mail Misc Other

Let's add a new link to a new child folder in News:
1- create a new child folder in News named "US News"
2- add the new link to "US News" child folder

Result:
The "Misc" folder is renamed "US News"

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
Step 1: bookmark a new link, Ctrl+D.
Step 2: click down arrow associated with "show all the bookmark folders" to select existing

parent folder (folder already on toolbar).
Step 3: click "New Folder" to add child folder.
Step 4: type name for new folder (eg, "test").
Step 5: hit enter to create new folder.
Step 6: click "Done".
Actual Results:
Step 5 renames another existing parent folder on toolbar, but not the folder adjacent to the

parent folder.

Step 6 preserve the new name of existing parent (toolbar) folder, while cancelling cause the

parent folder name to revert back to what it wa before.

Expected Results:
Not renamed another existing parent folder on the Bookmarks Toobar.

Only occurs when a new child folder is created immediately below a parent folder on the toolbar,

eg, not 2 or more level below the parent folder.

This issue doe not occur when creating folder within the Library ("Organize Bookmarks",

Ctrl+Shift+B).

Repeating step 1-5 change the previously renamed parent folder ("test") to the name of the new

child folder (eg, "test2").

Deleting the child folder (and contents) from the Library doe not affect the newly renamed

parent folder (eg, it must be renamed manually)

Closing/reopening browser ha no effect on persistence.
