various
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.5) Gecko/2008120122 Firefox/3.0.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.5) Gecko/2008120122 Firefox/3.0.5

1. when trying to save a file, if at first the file is already there or any other by the same name, it will open a dialog asking if replace file. if you select 'no' and try to change it name, it will not catch the 'enter' key event, you may have to press enter many time or click on save button. also, when selecting the destination folder, say that you have many folder in the parent folder and you have to scroll with the navigation bar to select the destination folder (i am talking about the save dialog). it will not catch the first click, also, it will not catch the mouse up (or release button, a you may call it), so the folder appears on the window but you can not select it at first because it will past by. in summary, the save dialog is buggy if you can not select the option the first time.

2. when restoring tab session, sometimes it try to load a tab but it forgets which url wa it, so there is a tab, with the 'loading' icon, but it is not loading any url because it doe not know which page to load (the url box is empty and remains that way the whole time), so you loose your page.

3. there is a difference between closing the app. with the top right corner 'x' when there are more than one window open than when there is only one window open. if you have only one window open, it will ask if you want to save all open tab for the next time you open firefox. if there are any other window or dialog open, may be downloads, history, bookmarks, or another window with tabs, it will not ask if you want to save your tab for the next time. it will ask instead to confirm if you want to close many tabs. this is an irregular behaviour, it should be observed

4. when linking mime to application (linking a file extension to the app that should take care of it), i try to link power point presentation to the 'impress' of open office. it open the use this app for this kind of file dialog, i browse to the program files/open office folder and select the impress exe, and check the do this every time for this kind of file, but the next time i open a pps, it asks me again, and it seems to happen if the exe is not in the list it show by default.

5. request (not bug): if there is already a file with that name in destination folder, have an autorename option (maybe n extension?), a in if there is already an 1.zip, and you try to save another 1.zip, it will call it 2.zip automatically and so on

tnx

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1.
2.
3.
