History setting of 0 day store history forever
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.0.8) Gecko/2009032609 Firefox/3.0.8
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.0.8) Gecko/2009032609 Firefox/3.0.8

I'm using Firefox 3.0.8 with a profile I created while using an earlier version of Firefox 3.x. Tools -> Options -> Privacy -> History ha a check mark next to "keep my history for at least" X "days". X is set to zero. "Remember what I enter in the form and search bar" and "remember what I've downloaded (download statusbar)" are unchecked.

Searching for history in about:config return the following modified settings:

browser.history_expire_days_min is set to 0
browser.history_expire_days.mirror is set to 180
downbar.function.keepHistory is set to false
privacy.cpd.history is set true

I have no idea what browser.history_expire_days.mirror is but I don't remember setting it. I disabled the history via the GUI, not about:config.


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
note: I set Reproducibility: to "happens every time" since I see the problem every time I start Firefox. I have not cleared the history yet.
Actual Results:
It appears to store my browsing history forever. I have hundred of entry in the history sidebar under "Older than 6 days".

Expected Results:
It would not store any history in places.sqlite, and if I exited and restarted Firefox prior browsing would not show up in the history sidebar or a suggestion for the address bar.

Note that I'm not trying to have it clear my history when I exit Firefox, I don't want it to EVER store my history on the hard disk. I would prefer it didn't store my history in memory too, but assume that requires "private browsing" in the 3.5 beta.

I didn't have this problem with an earlier version of Firefox 3.x. I had excessive disk i/o problem so I disabled both the history and checking for phishing. At that time I wa very conscious of whether history wa being saved.
I had a couple of minor automatic upgrade and no longer paid any attention to whether my history wa being stored or not until I noticed that old URL's that were not in my bookmark were being suggested when I typed in a URL in the address bar.

browser.safebrowsing.enabled , browser.safebrowsing.malware.enabled and browser.safebrowsing.remoteLookups are set to false.

places.sqlite is 2588KB. bookmarks-2009-04-08.json is 645KB.
