Is is the end? May Invasive toolbars reduce freedom and producity?
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; it-IT; rv:1.9.0.1) Gecko/2008070208 Firefox/3.0.1 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; it-IT; rv:1.9.0.1) Gecko/2008070208 Firefox/3.0.1 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

Excuse me about this alert, but the situation is really dangerous (and this doesn't Italian panic and Gattopardo's alert)!

I update Clipta toolbar - the only component able to download video (I download no copyright new artist video, extreme report video and no pop - and rap, etc etc - video) after ALL downloader ha bitten the dust - but now I have my screen "fucked" by FOX, ABC, CNN and some others: now is a small band, but simple fact like fascism (right or left signed) and ModernS Medieval'S MonopolieS teach me to leave Mozilla Firefox, sob/SOB (the second SOB is for fascism - right or left signed - and ModernS Medieval'S MonopolieS).

I have an interesting experting in ICT - over a quarter century and I recently win UE's software/system best pratices about A2B information exchange software - and I think you're under attack: what I can do to help you?

This bug is a core bug, not a design/implementation bug: and IT IS NO a software bug, but a strategy bug!

Now - after others invasive toolbars (like Accessibar and Web Developer Toolbar) experience - I must to reconsider Mozilla Firefox uses, specially a the best choice about your performance (like LONG AND INTERMINABLE block of CPU and system, etc etc).

All your signal go to an unique direction: you're KO and company (NOT best companies...) use this opportunity.

I hope in a Mozilla Firefox's Resurrection, but i can't love it, now.

And so, goodbye...




Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
...add Clipta toolbar...
Actual Results:
...a free space IS a AD space!

Expected Results:
If I want a intrusive and bad software, I choose IE....

I hope that Mozilla Firefox is not a fake: it support his community AGAINST gADngster...
