Security Bug in FF 3.1b3: Apparent evasion of disabled javascript / frame and iframe jail breaking
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.5; en-US; rv:1.9.1b3) Gecko/20090305 Firefox/3.1b3 FireShot/0.32
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.5; en-US; rv:1.9.1b3) Gecko/20090305 Firefox/3.1b3 FireShot/0.32

With NoScript set to block script and with the security preference set to not execute javascript, going to the site http://www.dream-bitches.com/ (careful, there's porn) result in an iframe with a frameset that show another porn site, erotik-freunde.com. This second site is able to break out of it frame without any interaction from the user (eg, no clicking on a link that target _top).

Even copying the HTML, I have been unable to reproduce this on my own site so far, but there is a deep nesting of iframes, frames, and redirects in this interaction. I've captured wireshark and tcpflow capture and can't find anything special. At this point, a best a I can tell, the javascript is being executed. Also of note: a base tag is being used in the final site that bust out of the frame.

Safari, Chrome, and FireFox 3.0.8 do not exhibit this behavior. I'm using a Mac, in case that make a difference although I doubt it will. I can't confirm whether the problem exists in b4 or not a I am waiting for Firebug and Greasemonkey compatibility before updating.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
0.Go to preferences/options and disable javascript
1.Go to the URL http://www.dream-bitches.com/
2.Hit Escape quickly
3.Bring up the source and click through the iframes and frame manually to see what is happening
4.Now go to the URL http://www.dream-bitches.com/ again and don't hit escape
5.Note how the iframe'd erotik-freunde.com break out of it frame (check the URL bar).
Actual Results:
Iframe'd website broke out of it frame.

Expected Results:
In other browser including older version of FF, the URL bar stay on dream-bitches.com and the erotik-freunde website stay in it own iframe.

I put this a major because I suspect javascript is running despite the fact that it is disabled. However, I could be wrong about the cause and this might not be a severe if it is something else.
