Since crash due to video card, extension won't work after new profile or complete reinstall
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.11) Gecko/2009060215 Firefox/3.0.11
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.11) Gecko/2009060215 Firefox/3.0.11

The computer froze after the video card got bumped. After the reboot, Firefox 3.0.11 stopped popping out window and the Google search bar wouldn't work consistently. After disabling all the extensions, I narrowed it down to oldbar and print/print preview. When on, no pop outs, and they wouldn't do what they were even supposed to do. Clean installs of the extension didn't work, in fact firefox wouldn't reboot correctly on trying to unintall them (had to force quit).

Creating a new profile allowed oldbar to work again, but not print preview (and this wa all I even installed). Tried clean installs twice, and each time, oldbar would work again, but Print Print/Preview and any Print Preview extension (there are others) would not present the toolbar button and would stop all popouts. As well, they disabled oldbar from working. If I removed/disabled Print/Print Preview, oldbar worked again, along with everything else. In the initial profile, however, disabling print/print/preview did not restore oldbar.

I have never had a problem with print/print preview and use it on other PC and Mac machines. I would think a clean reinstall should allow me to put everything back to how it wa before the crash, but there is still something that won't delete from my machine even with a full clean uninstall (including profile).

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. On my machine, install Print/Print Preview or any Print Preview extension
2. Restart Firefox
3. No Preview toolbar button is present and pop-outs don't work, a well it disables Oldbar.
Actual Results:
No pop-out windows, oldbar disabled.

Expected Results:
A tool bar button allowing for print or print preview that I could drag to my toolbar. No other functionality affected.

I would love to know how to start over from scratch so I could get everything working again since a clean uninstall/reinstall doe not work.
