Two example of the new firefox crashing with detail
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1.1) Gecko/20090715 Firefox/3.5.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1.1) Gecko/20090715 Firefox/3.5.1

I noticed this ha been reported in a couple way but two method I have run into this problem are especially apparent and I would like to share.

Ironically the fact that firefox wa faster wa a small undoing for me logging into this account which I haven't set foot on for a while and it took me a while to realize that my password i wa trying to set wa too long and being truncated, lol. And when i had to reset the password my gmail loaded so fast I had to try three time to push the html basic button. ANYWAYS:

I'll start with gmail. If i open my gmail account in the basic form (note that i run a few labs) firefox will "crash", i will give a description of how it crash to follow, because i'll refer to it a few times. If i load the basic html i'm fine, lucky for me.

Here is another example you can do. go into google, and search for "Peterson Medical" and open the first site it shows, once again firefox 5.0 "crashes".

Here is how it crashes.

All of the firefox window close, a report bug window appears, if i do anything but close the window in a way that it doesn't send the report, i will get a microsoft warning saying the mozilla bug reporter ha encountered a problem and need to close unexpectedly, would you like to send a report "send, don't send" or something of that nature.

When I open firefox again, it brings up a restore window saying "this is very embarrassing", lol. but it show the link i wa on and i can control click them into a new tab.

You might furthermore be interested in knowing this problem is persistent in the mozilla safe mode browser.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.go to google
2.search for "Peterson medical"
3.open the first page
or
1.go to gmail.com
2.log into your email account
3.let it load rather than viewing basic html form
Actual Results:
firefox "crashes" in the manner described in the description

Expected Results:
Opened the website without a hitch.

Miscrosoft window xp service pack two, I can't think of anything else....
