ajax stopped working on a user pc
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.9.1.1) Gecko/20090715 Firefox/3.5.1 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.9.1.1) Gecko/20090715 Firefox/3.5.1 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

the URL brings up a graphic, which change in 5 second to a array of 30 "boxes". Box 1 is only used (in green with a number)

I wrote the page, and it ha been working on many people PC's. However, one user had been using it for week and updated FF about a week ago and he could no longer get the page to work. However, he can access it with IE8 and other browsers.

I have spent age trying to work it out and I am out of ideas. He is using Vista with the latest FF build. We tried removing FF and putting a previous version on, no luck. We tried in safe mode and resetting FF setting to default, no luck. We tried putting the site in all the exception in FF, still no luck. We allowed FF access to all port in the window firewall, still no luck.

Yesterday, I deleted all of FF, extentions, manually removed all mozilla folders, even went though the registery and deleted every mozilla setting I could find. Rebooted, reinstalled FF, still no luck.

We also tried reinstalling JavaScript and many other things, and it just refuse to work on his pc. I tried a test page for ajax in FF on his pc and that worked, though I don't see any real difference in the code to mine.

FF just ha "waiting" in the status message, a if it simply waiting for the data to come from my server, but FF doe not ever seem to get the data and just sits "waiting" for it and thats a far a it gets.

As he can get the site in IE8/Google Chrome/Safari , then we know it limited to FF somehow. Though I am out of ideas. As said before, he wa working fine for month until he updated FF, and "something" ha happend which ha prevented FF and AJAX working correctly. Though I really don't know what to try next.

my page is

http://rooms.mymobroom.com/attackboard/fwvj84espg28urkekwzcm-index.htm

the blue banner will change to "30 boxes" in 5 seconds.. but for this one user it never does.

the test site i spoke of is
http://www.access-matters.com/2007/01/22/simple-ajax-test-1/

just click a link and it say "hello world" so AJAX seems to work fine there in FF.

I can only assume for some reason that is a issue with vista and my site in FF. Though a he had it working for month until he updated FF, it sound like a FF issue. Though a the test site works, then it suggests it my site. Though a he had it working in other browsers, it suggests it a FF issue.

As such I have no idea what to try next. Its a problem to try and track down what the problem is a what work and doe not work doe not make sense.

I hope you can help a if it wa related to him updating FF then other user of my site are going to run into the same issue soon too.

Regards,
Chris


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.visit the URL
2.page change from the big blue banner graphic to "30 boxes"
3.
Actual Results:
Boxes never come up on a particular user PC running vista.
