Converting some feature to Mozilla-maintained extension (installed by default) would restore original selling point of Firefox and make it more convenient for power user
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.9.1.2) Gecko/20090818 Shiretoko/3.5.2
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.9.1.2) Gecko/20090818 Shiretoko/3.5.2

When Firefox 1.0 wa released, the declared goal of Firefox wa to be a small and extensible browser. This wa proposed a a design decision opposite to Mozilla Suite, which had a lot more feature out of the box (but also had stability and resource consumption troubles).

Later, attention wa paid to discoverability and out-of-the-box functionality. Some functionality provided by the best extension wa merged into the default Firefox UI. Most (but not all) this functionality can still be turned off in about:config.

In the result, Firefox browser look more bloated with each release (and Gecko improvement make staying with an old release very unattractive - and insecure - option). While easy access to the new functionality is good, this usually lead to extinction of competing way to do the same thing in better way (maybe partly because overriding default in browser.jar is harder).

Would it be better to have some part of functionality a extension installed by default? For example, some people argued against Awesome Bar, and the mere possibility to disable it a extension (with all the warning and taint flag in browser ID) would be very nice. The same go for malware site alert (which seems to be turned off by noticeable part of power users, but probably still sits in the memory). Another kind of example is the download dialog, where default dialog may be the best for many people, but could be replaced with DownThemAll for some other users.

If I am wrong that most of the actual code used for extension and for in-browser implementation is just the same, this, of course, becomes an invalid feature request.. I also do support default installation of these extension and taint flag if these extension are disabled (i.e. bug report with disabled default extension could be separated just like currently bug report with installed buggy extension are).

It look like some medium-weight browser (e.g. Midori) do have some core functionality implemented a extension installed with browser.


Reproducible: Always
