Master Password provides false sense of security!
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.9.1.6) Gecko/20091201 Firefox/3.5.6 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.9.1.6) Gecko/20091201 Firefox/3.5.6 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

This is not a new security issue, probably existed ever since master password wa first introduced.

If I have Master Password enabled in FF and am prompted to type in my master password when I first try to open a website that requires a login and I have a stored authentication for it.

However I only need to click cancel and FF will happily log me in. From then I have full access to everything that doesn't require me to manually type in a password on that website.

FF is even loading the page(s) in the background in the browser window while the password requester is still visible and I haven't typed in the correct one.

It is even worse if I have a saved session or recover from a crash when I start FF. Then all browser windows/tabs will load, happily sending authentications. Thus an unauthorized person will even be alerted to website I have account on.

It will prompt for the master password, but it still only to click cancel and full access to those website account will in most case be available. Only website with high security that log me out after x amount of inactivity and requires me to manually type in a password/code, such a internet banking, that is not/can't be stored in FF is safe.


Conclusion:

This render the master password requester completely useless for anything but the possibility to read the password in plain text "Options/Security/Saved Passwords..."!

The result of this is that user will get a false sense of security, while they are in reality not protected at all, except from reading the password in plain text.

It is not possible for the user to be in control of what for example a third party that ha temporary physical access to the computer will be able to access, even if FF is not running. They just need to start it.


Proposed solution:

For the master password to be usable for anything outside "Options/Security/Saved Passwords..." a much more granular configuration is needed.

1 - Minimum protection is that it is needed to read (plain text) or change existing password in Options.

This also need to have a timer so that after a configured time the requester where I view or change my saved password are closed or locked until I provide it again.

2 - Total control and configuration of how password are used outside Options.

- Before FF even send a request to a website, where I have a stored authentication I must enter the correct master password.
- In that requester there will be an option to not send it and the page will then load without sending authentication, thus the browser will not be logged in.
- A hotkey to lock down any, or all, open browser window or tab that are using authentication. FF will then stop any activity in those windows, or tabs, a well a access to even view any information visible in them.
- A timer that kick in and lock any windows/tab needing authentication after x amount of time not using actively.
- Password needed after waking up the computer from hibernation, stand by, etc. As well a if password is required to unlock computer from screen saver.
- Option to require password for every manual requestion triggered to a website.
- Optionally be able to configure individual authentication more granular.

With the above all website and all information accessed using FF will be completely protected and secure. At the same time any page not needing authentication wont be affected. I can thus quickly lock everything, using the hotkey, and still let a third party temporarily use the computer without having to close down Firefox.

Of course, the above will only protect access to the information from within FF. It wont protect against direct access to the file on the computer. To solve that encryption and other security feature will optionally be needed for storing any content needing authentication. This is especially important for when http is not used.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
Se details.
Actual Results:
No information protection.

Expected Results:
No access to any information or feature on website without providing the master password requiring authentication.
