FFox randomly jump to a Chinese site or display Chinese.
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1.6) Gecko/20091201 Firefox/3.5.6 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1.6) Gecko/20091201 Firefox/3.5.6 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

Usually from newegg.com's "specials" advertisement page, I click to go to Newegg.com but the page display in Chinese. While in my Newegg account, moving to a new field, the page turned Chinese. Manually entering the URL will once in awhile send me to a Chinese page. Once in this mode it stick and always go Chinese when going to the same URL. Shut down and start up of Firefox doe NOT fix the problem. Uninstalling and re-installing fix the problem for a week or so. Rebooting doe not solve the problem. -- No other URL ha demonstrated this problem. I don't use IE that much but it ha never done this while at Newegg.com. FFox is my default browser so when clicking on an email I rarely experience IE jumping somewhere. Previous version of FFox have done this. I started tonight to see if others have the problem and there are report on web forum of the same thing a I experience...but only guess a to how to fix it.

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Occurs at random time when clicking on newegg.com promo or regular web site.
2.Once occurring, it will not go away (repeatable multiple times) unless I shut down, go away, and come back another time.
3.http://www.newegg.com/GenericError.aspx?aspxerrorpath=/Special/ShellShocker.aspx -----is currently displaying in Chinese AND some English. I have screen print if you need some.
Actual Results:
Typing in a search field produce additional Chinese page with price in Yuan. I'm in China for sure. There are mixed word of English which there are no Chinese equivalent for. The URL ha converted to China:
http://www.newegg.com.cn/Product/Search.aspx?keyword=ram

Expected Results:
I shouldn't end up at a Chinese URL no matter what I do unless it's a conscious choice.

I have reported the problem to Newegg Customer Service type but they claim they have no communication with the IT guy (so it feel like I'm being blown off). But, since no other URL doe this (at least in my experience) I suspect Newegg's site. However other web forum report this (do a Google search) problem which point away from it being Newegg.com.
It's unnerving to be in my "Account" at Newegg and have the field convert to Chinese. Where's my typed data going?!!! Potential security of data issue.
