Wrong permission of installed file cause problem in the open/save dialog on Windows [caused by Comodo Internet Security]
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2) Gecko/20100115 Firefox/3.6
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2) Gecko/20100115 Firefox/3.6

This ha been an ongoing problem through at least the past three updates. When I use the right-click context menu in Firefox to save a file (eg, a .gif or .jpg file), I'm able to save the file to an existing directory, but if I create a new directory, I've learned from others with this same issue that once I create the new directory, I have to refresh the window via right-click context menu or F5. Then, I have to rename the folder, then refresh again for it to show the new directory name.
Other major apps running: Comodo Internet Security, Spybot Search & Destroy (background only).
Also like many others, I am unable to drag image from my screen to tab on my taskbar. In the past, I wa able to drag to Windows Explorer, Paint Shop Pro, or to an email in progress (Outlook Express), but after an update about six month ago, since then I have been unable to do this.

Please, any help with either issue is appreciated.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Right-click over a graphic, select Save Image As
2. Save item box will pop up. Click on the icon to create new folder.
3. New folder will not show. Refresh screen to make it show.
4. New folder now will have the name "New Folder." Click on it to rename it.
5. Refresh screen yet again to show the new folder name.
6. Double-click on the folder icon next to the newly-named new folder to open it.

Actual Results:
File saved, but my soul is still in limbo.

Expected Results:
The software *should* have allowed new folder creation in which the folder can be given a name, hit enter and voila, fresh new folder with a new name, ready to place file in.

Banging my head on my desk doe not help, but giving my screen the middle finger make me feel a little better and at least a little more willing to continue using Firefox instead of trying an alternative.
