On clicking a URL (a href) in a frameset (frames), the URL is ignored and the frame disappears
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.2.3) Gecko/20100401 Firefox/3.6.3 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.2.3) Gecko/20100401 Firefox/3.6.3 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

This bug description doe depend on visiting the URL provided to explain the problem clearly. What actually happens is a little bizarre.
I have a frameset with 3 frame (left, right (top-bottom)).
I have a link in the right-top frame to take the user to "Kanji Flash Cards", it's very prominent anchor (link), with 2 large image displaying kanji flash cards. Simply clicking on this link, doesn't take the user to the URL, but rather suddenly destroys the entire top frame (it disappears) the bottom frame is then expanded to fill the top and bottom area and then that's it. The URL destination is ignored.
Perhaps it's technically a "browser-crash", given the way it abort and then self-destructs, although there's no exception or message box.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Go to the the URL provided
2. Click one of the large image on the right under the heading "Kanji Flash Cards for JLPT 3/4" (both image are anchored to a URL)
3. Watch the browser fail to follow the URL and the top frame suddenly disappear
Actual Results:
The top frame disappeared and the URL wa not navigated to

Expected Results:
The top frame should remain where it is (unaltered) and the link should be navigated to (specifically in the top frame since the target is "_top")
It work on IE8, Chrome, Opera10

I tried a few variation to isolate the issue with no luck.
There are 2 image within the anchor tag, I tried removing one.
I tried removing the "_top" target on the href.
I tried a different (simpler URL).
I tried wrapping each image in an anchor tag.
I suspect it maybe some complication with the fact that a table is used for the layout, rather than the actual anchor or image tags... but this is a guess.
