pop-up of fake anti-virus (Trojan.FakeAV) allow virus to take over my computer.
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.3) Gecko/20100401 Firefox/3.5.3 MEGAUPLOAD 1.0 ;fdnet (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.3) Gecko/20100401 Firefox/3.5.3 MEGAUPLOAD 1.0 ;fdnet (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

When checking some of the link of this site I get pop-up and pop-unders that are not stopped with Firefox even though I have pop disabled in my Firefox options. these pop ups contain virus (Trojan.FakeAV) and backdoor Trojans. they are usually detected by Norton internet security ver 16.8.0.41
Recently I wa checking the site on Firefox and one of these virus some how got through Norton internet security, it wa a fake anti-virus software. it immediately appeared in the window system bar (bottom-right corner) a green shield like the window yellow update shield. I could not access any exe file after that. If I try to access any program the fake antivirus would give me a message to say this file is infected. and divert me to a payment site to pay for the fake antivirus software. I had to restore my window in safe mode to a previous date to get control back since restarting the computer did not help.
When using the internet explore 8 (standard settings) this problem seems to be resolved I do not get any pop-up or pop-unders while viewing this site or any other site.
If you scan the site with Norton website security it say that site is clean, which I believe it is true, but the pop-up contain the virus and the backdoor Trojans, and I believe this is not the only site that open such pop-ups.
I love Firefox, that is why I decided to take the time to report this. This is a major security risk, and it is a shame to see internet explore resolve it first. Thank you




Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1.look through the link on the website.
2.some pop-up will be harmless, but others more dangerous.
3.
Actual Results:
pop-up and pop-unders appear containing virus and backdoor trojans.

Expected Results:
pop-up and pop-unders appear containing virus and backdoor trojans.

It should prevent (completely block) such pop-up and pop-unders, and only allow useful one that are from banks, that are used to pay only for example.
