Speed Dial tab behavior erratic
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.2.3) Gecko/20100401 Firefox/3.6.3 ( .NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.2.3) Gecko/20100401 Firefox/3.6.3 ( .NET CLR 3.5.30729)

I've had Speed Dial for quite a while but in the last few day I tried to reorganize the Speed Dial tab order. Behavior wa erratic, moving tab name but bookmark on the tab were not moving. Last night I wa more careful in reorganizing, checking, one step at a time and got all reorganized. This AM, awakening sleeping computer, I think all wa a it wa last night after successful reorganization. Awakening sleeping computer this afternoon I had to restart the computer a it wa disconnected. Tabs & their respective bookmark were skewed, even bookmarked page scrambled between other page and look to be in the configuration that they were a day or so age. I simply renamed tab temporarily this time instead of moving them to my desired order. Tabs name not correct for page bookmarked- Tab name moving w/reorganization but bookmark page are not. Unsure whether any of the bookmark on the tab are gone or not.

Computer: Dell Inspiron 1525
Windows Vista
Mozilla 3.6.3
Avast Free antivirus
Spyware Blaster
Spybot Search & Destroy
MS malicious virus antivirus thingy


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open speed dial
2. R click at tab
3. Click "Organize tabs"
4. Move a tab up or down on menu
5. Computer reboot
6. Speed dial tab and tab bookmark out of order, tab name no longer correct for bookmark page they are on.


Yesterday, result were chaotic. Last evening all wa moved successfully and remained so awakening sleeping computer this AM. This afternoon, awakening sleeping computer, computer wa disconnected and needed restart to reconnect successfully. On restart, tab and many of tab bookmark were skewed, appearing similar to config they were in yesterday afternoon when organizing wa unsuccessful.



Expected Results:
Organizing speed dial tab should move without self-reordering, moving page with tab name.

Personna theme. BTW, a few update ago, when my software crashed or closed, I wa able to reopen Mozilla and find the page that I had closed with. I have that option set on Options. A few update ago I no longer am able to close Mozilla or have it crash and retrieve same pages. I've ignored it but unsure if problem is connected or not.
