"https area" of address bar doesn't update anymore when switching between tab and always display data of the last loaded URL
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.5; en-US; rv:2.0b1) Gecko/20100630 Firefox/4.0b1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.5; en-US; rv:2.0b1) Gecko/20100630 Firefox/4.0b1

Sorry in advance if this bug is a duplicate. I made some search before but found nothing close to this situation. However, I don't know if the "http area" of the address bar ha a specific name... By "hhtp area", I mean the left part of the address bar that become blue or green when an URL is accessed via HTTPS.

Here is the problem: when I switch between tabs, this area doe not update itself to display the data relative to the URL loaded in the active tab. Instead, it always display the data relative to the last loaded URL. The favicon is the only thing in this area to be updated correctly when switching ti another tab. I'll give some example and screenshots.

Example 1:
I load https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/. The "https area" becomes blue and display "mozilla.org". Then, I switch to another tab, which contains a page (http://google.be) that wa loaded before Bugzilla. The "https area" is supposed to become white (no HTTPS) and not to display the site domain. However, it stay blue and still display "mozilla.org". The favicon is the only thing that changed. See screenshot 1.

Example 2:
I go to a webpage on ovh.com through HTTPS. The "https area" becomes green and display "OVH (FR)". Then, I switch to a tab containing Bugzilla and the green color and "OVH (FR)" stay there instead of becoming blue and displaying "mozilla.org". See screenshot 2.

Example 3:
I open a new tab and load a "normal" page (using HTTP). The "https area" is white and display nothing else than the favicon. After that, I switch to a tab with Bugzilla and the favicon is the only thing to be updated. No blue color, no "mozilla.org" appearing. See screenshot 3.

If you click on the "https area" once it display wrong color/company name, the notification that appears display the security information relative to the last loaded tab, not the one currently active. So, it's not just a problem of refreshing colors/names. It look that Firefox belief I never switched from the last loaded tab to another one.

I don't know if this info may help but I installed Firefox 4 beta 1 today. Just before that, I wa using Firefox 3.6.7.

One more point: I know this is off-topic but the feedback button never appeared. I've read on other bug that this may be because I wa using Test Pilot before installing the Firefox 4 beta 1. Seems quite possible to me. I've seen similar thing on Windows.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open an URL using HTTP
2. Open a new tab and load an HTTPS URL
3. Switch to the previous tab

Of course, you can do the opposite (switching from an HTTP to an HTTPS tab) and even switch from a "green HTTPS" (like PayPal) to a "blue HTTPS" (like Bugzilla). Or from a blue one to a green one. You got the idea.
Actual Results:
The favicon is the only thing in the "https area" to be updated correctly. Other stuff (background color and site/company name) don't change.

Expected Results:
Everything is supposed to be updated in order to reflect the info relative to the currently active tab.
