application/type on uploads reported wrong when file extension renamed
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-GB; rv:1.9.2.8) Gecko/20100722 Firefox/3.6.8 ( .NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-GB; rv:1.9.2.8) Gecko/20100722 Firefox/3.6.8 ( .NET CLR 3.5.30729)

This is a critical error in your browser.
I am using PHP5 to perform the following action.

My upload script always check the mime-type of the file against my own database to ensure the mime-type is allowed (not the extension). The reason being that anyone can rename an extension and potentially run it in the upload destination.

I have a .zip file called "archive.zip" with a load of dodgy file in it.
I rename it so it is called "archive.jpg".
When I upload it and then print the $_FILES array it tell me that the file is of the type image/jpeg and not application/x-zip-compressed (or similar) like it should.

Basically, your browser isn't doing a mime-type check of the file and seems to be just storing a database of extension and then returning the mime-type that match it rather than doing it the other way around.

Critical error to me.
Potentially, your browser is letting an executable or PHP,ASP script disguise itself a an image or any other type of common extension so it can be uploaded regardless of the programmer attempt to stop the intrusion.

I do believe this warrant me to some money please.
I hear there are rewards.
I don't get out much so even just a bag of fresh air would be nice.
Just so I can inhale it every now and then and feel like I've gone for a walk in the park (without dog crap in it).

Anyway,
Feel free to email me and ask questions.
To be honest, I can't believe nobody ha picked up on this!






Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
Create HTML Upload form (multipart)
Rename a .zip file to .jpg or .doc or .anything
On upload, print the $_FILES array
See file being reported a an incorrect type

Actual Results:
Incorrect mime-type reported

Expected Results:
The correct mime-type reported regardless of the file extension.

I'm a good programmer (15 year +) and I don't have a "community" status because all I do is code stuff, got no time for a blog or a facebook account.

You probably didn't want to know all that.
But yes, please check out this bug.
It's so obviously dangerous that I'm baffled.
