Latest 3.6.10 update is causing Plug-in container to trigger my Firewall and crash my computer
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.10) Gecko/20100914 Firefox/3.6.10 ( .NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.10) Gecko/20100914 Firefox/3.6.10 ( .NET CLR 3.5.30729)

I just updated to the newest Firefox version and shortly after wards, the Plug-in-container started triggering my Comodo Firewall and causing freeze-ups of my web pages. Before this latest update, the plug-in-container only showed up under running process and mostly when I wa playing game on Facebook. Then it wa using up all of my RAM and mostly causing just my game to freeze up and or crash continually (which I already reported) and my Firefox started to crash and freeze up more frequently also. I became so frustrated that I just stopped even trying to play game at all.

Now, since this new update, the Plug-in-container seems to be crashing my whole system! Per Microsoft error reporting, after my computer restarted, I checked for disc error and there were none and I've scanned for virus and there were none so the only thing it can be is that Firefox's plug-in-container is using even more RAM since the update and now my system doesn't have enough to operate at all! I liked it a whole lot better when all I had to deal with were a Firefox crash every now and again instead of not being able to game online anymore and now my whole computer is crashing! I hate Internet Explorer but Firefox is forcing me back to it or I won't be able to use my computer at all! Netbooks only have 1G ddr RAM and Firefox's Plug-in-container hog it all up!

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Open Firefox
2.Go to any web page, even email
3.Start doing something, even just typing an email or scrolling page
Actual Results:
It start triggering my Comodo Firewall and after so many time then my whole system crashes.

Expected Results:
same

Take me to the page I wanted to go to without freezing up constantly and not triggering my Firewall constantly (rant time). I have used and loved Firefox since 2007 because I (personally) never had more than a few random browser crash here and there it wa more secure and faster than IE and I could play online game with no problem but ever since that infernal Plug-in-container wa added I never know what will happen when I go online (my Firefox certainly freeze and crash a lot more often). It's just not worth having Firefox anymore. It may still be the most secure and or fastest but what good is it if it keep me from doing what I went online to do or if it's crashing my whole system?
