Problems after Software Updates
User-Agent: Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 8.0; Windows NT 5.1; Trident/4.0; Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 6.0; Windows NT 5.1; SV1) ; MS Internet Explorer; .NET CLR 1.1.4322; InfoPath.2; .NET CLR 2.0.50727; .NET CLR 3.0.4506.2152; .NET CLR 3.5.30729; OfficeLiveConnector.1.4; OfficeLivePatch.1.3; PeoplePal 6.6)
Build Identifier: I don't know. This is another problem. PROPERTIES doe not reflect version number.

Hi. I love Firefox. Much more so than Internet Explorer. But I have, unfortuately, experienced a couple of bug (probelms) recently. 1) I can not make use of Adobe any longer. To open a PDF on the web, I have to sign in to Internet Explorer, re-navigate the web page, and THEN I can open a PDF using Adobe (I do have the most recent version of Adobe and Acrobat Reader). Why is this? It is a new-er problem. Can it be addressed? 2) I have experienced downtime after each of your previous two software upgrades. AND THIS IS A MAJOR PROBLEM. After the past upgrade I wa able to use Firefox again after several hour and the help of a friend. Now, I have just accepted the most recent upgrade and, upon attempting to send an email, I received an error (which, I am sorry, I did not record) indicated connection problem and would not send the email. I tried a few time to send the email with the same result. So, I closed my computer down and back on and tried to reopen Firefox to see if I could clear this 'conection' problem. Upon getting back into my computer, I clicked on my Firefox shortcut (and tried to load it from "Programs"). I received a Yahoo error in all case ..... "Sorry the page you requested wa not found." and can I NOT access your browser to surf the web or access my email. I am forced to use the back up - Internet Explorer. Ick! I have AT&T mail (as well a others) but am not into the mail yet - obviosuly - so do not understand why a Yahoo error - but maybe you do. Is it a compatibility problem with the Firefox upgrade? Whatever it is, it IS FRUSTRATING and Time Consuming. PLEASE, can not something be done to prevent my wasting all of my time to get an accessible Firefox browser after each of your upgrades? I would appreciate it. Thanks

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Upload software upgrade
2. Lose abilty to use the browser immediately afterward
3. Close down (and re-open) my computer.
4. Can not get into Firefox browser - each of the past two ugrades.
Actual Results:
See text - clearly outlined there. Summary: Could not access Firefox after the upgrade.

Expected Results:
To get into Firefox after the upgrade and be able to browse the web at will.

Text (in DETAILS), is very detailed. All the inforamtion I have to offer is indicated there.
