Firefox cookie interface is not reversible; the interface action to undo are not the reverse of the "do" steps.
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.9.1.16) Gecko/20110323 Iceweasel/3.5.16 (like Firefox/3.5.16)
Build Identifier: Mozilla Firefox 4.2a1pre (output of "firefox -v", downloaded about Thu Mar 24 22:12:34 UTC 2011 from http://ftp.mozilla.org/pub/mozilla.org/firefox/nightly/latest-trunk/firefox-4.2a1pre.en-US.linux-i686.tar.bz2)

Hi,

When I click a series of checkboxes I expect that when I want to
return the configuration to it's original state that I should go
back to the interface and uncheck the box I checked. I do not
expect the interface to change when I come back to the configuration
interface to reverse the change I made, but the firefox's cookie
preference setting do just this. If I go to the cookie page and
choose "Use custom setting for history" everything work a expected,
unless you check all of:

Remember my browsing history for at least X day
Remember download history
Remember search and form history
Accept cooky from site
Accept third-party cooky

but check none of the remaining checkboxs. In this case the next time
you go back to your cookie preference the interface look completely
different. There are no checkboxes and in their place there's a string
that look (something) like:

"Firefox will remember your browsing, download, form and search
history and keep cooky from Web site you visit.

You may want to _clear_your_recent_history_, or _remove_individual_cookies_."

(Exact text from firefox 3.5. Sorry, I didn't bother to copy the text
from the 4.2prealpha build I re-tested on.)

To restore the checkboxes and undo the configuration change you just
made you must re-select "Use custom setting for history" from the menu.

What seems to be happening is that when the set of checkboxes
you chose match the default behaviour for "Remember history"
then the cookie preference interface change and switch
the menu and the interface back to "Remember history" when you
come back to the pref box. There is no way to know this is going
to happen ahead of time and no way to know exactly what the "Remember
history" menu preference really are.

What should happen instead is that the interface should remember that
you chose "Use custom setting for history" and retain that interface
until you chose another setting from the menu. This will avoid surprise
when you come back to the interface and find you can't, seemingly,
undo the change you made because the checkboxes you checked no
longer exist in the interface.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
See above.
Actual Results:
Got a new user interface.

Expected Results:
I would be able to use the interface in which I made the change to undo the changes.

Old HCI axiom: If the user can't find it, it isn't there. You're
also violating the principle of least surprise. I took an hour
to notice that the menu had changed back to one of the defaults.
Meanwhile I wa concerned of the security implication of allowing
cooky globally.

This is the second time I've spent non-trivial amount of time before
I noticed that the drop down menu had changed and I wa no longer
in the "Use custom setting for history" interface. It happened to
me once before -- I think many year ago. (Not that it matters,
but the problem is made worse because it's a drop-down menu and
you can't see at a glance all the available choices.)

If it's happening here it's probably happening elsewhere in firefox.
Just because the custom configuration happens to be the same a one of the
menu option doe not mean it's ok to switch the interface. When would it be ok? Should it happen instantly, after a few second delay, after you close
the interface dialog/window and re-open it, after program restart? If
you are going to change the interface it's best that it change a soon a
possible, say after a few seconds, so at least the user ha some feedback.
(The user could always then immediately go back to the menu and choose
"custom" if he want to make further edits.)

/rant

Thanks for your time and the software.

See also Debian bug #619509: http://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=619509
