The Firefox process keep running in the background after closing the program.
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; rv:2.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; rv:2.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0

Ever since I upgraded to Fx4, the browser cannot be closed completely! Clicking on the close button doe get rid of the browser window but that's only on the outer surface. The Firefox.exe process keep running in the background and lock up a few file in the browser's profile folder and in the local app data folder. This ha unfavorable consequence on the rest of the process and lead to the system instability, insecurity, and inefficiency. Some applications/plugins (like Flash) refuse to install telling me that the browser Firefox need to close first, while it's already closed (the fact is that the browser's process is still running in the background).

Further, whenever the browser is opened again from it shortcut, the browser doe not start afresh; but the previously opened tab start to load (this is a separate bug, being discussed here: "https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=628043").

This wa an issue with an old version of Firefox, I do not remember which one but it wa pretty long back. Recent version (3.6.x) managed to get rid of it. Unfortunately, the issue is back with the version 4.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open Firefox 4. Let it fully load.
2. Browse through a few pages.
3. Close the browser.
4. Open the Task Manager and check the Processes tab for "firefox.exe".
Actual Results:
The process is running and never end of it own (I've tried waiting for about half an hour). The process is using memory and CPU cycles.

Expected Results:
The process should exit a soon a the browser is closed. The process should also free up the system resource and locked files.

I'm using the default theme, no persona. I've removed a few of the extension that I had in the version 3.6.15 (or whatever wa the last one in the 3.6 branch), notably Tab Mix Plus and Chromin Frame (can't remember the others). I have installed the following new add-on in version 4:

FormFox 1.7
Movable Firefox Button 1.3
NewTabURL 2.2.2
Status-4-Evar 2011.03.21.22
