dragging focused tab into focus window open new window
User Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; WOW64; rv:5.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/5.0
Build ID: 20110615151330

Steps to reproduce:

1) Open a window with one tab, this tab is always on focus. If you drag this (focused) tab into the middle of the window via left mouse, nothing happens. This is correct.

2) Open a window with 2 tabs. Drag the focused tab into the middle of the window via left mouse. The tab open in a new window and disappears in the old window. (Makes this sense??)

3) Open a window with 2 tabs. Try to switch fro the focused tab to the other one (target tab), but stay holding your mouse press when you make the click for the switch. In this pressed state drag the target tab into the middle of the window. The target tab open in a new window and disappears in the old window.

The problem I have since Firefox 5 is, that I usually opened a lot of tab in a window. And I need to switch very fast between them. A switch take not more than 500ms. If I want to switch to a tab, which is on the very right side of the tab-listing, it always need a long way for the mouse. So the total action
1. move mouse from anywhere to target tab
2. click target tab
3. move mouse back to a central position on window (where you expect the next action to do)
happens very, very fast - whereas the "click" on the taregt tab is like a very precise shoot.

Unfortunately, at every 5th tab switch of this kind, I drag the target tab back into the window and the target tab open in a new window. this is because of the time I press the mouse seems to be too long - my shoot is too inprecise - but i really can not do this faster/more precise. the click is already extremely fast!

You can imagine, how i feel, if i work 8hours a day with Firefox, have opended 15 tab and every 5th tab switch move one of the 15 tab into a new window....

It took a long time to analyse, why this happens, but now i identified the reason. I never had this problem with firfox 4.x.
And I am sure, i will move back to this version, if this behaviour doe not get fixed...
