Spell checker default to wrongest suggestion for language defaulting to compound words. (Like German.)
Many language default to compound words, a opposed to separating them, like in English.
But when faced with unknown compound words, even when made out of known words, the spell checker default to suggesting splitting up those words.
This result in many, many grammatical error for those language on the net. It go so far, that many people can’t write their own language properly anymore. (As can be seen when you read comment and forum post in German.)
Because if they write it correctly, it get highlighted a wrong, and if they change it to the wrong split words, it get accepted.

How to reproduce it in general (Example in brackets):
1. Install a dictionary for a language defaulting to compound words. (German is a good example.)
2. In a textarea field, right-click and under “Languages” (“Sprachen” in the German translation) switch to that language.
3. Now look up random adjective is that language. (“halb” and “bitter”)
4. Enter those adjective into the field, without a space between them. This should always form a legal word in that language. (“halbbitter”).
5. Add a space to the end to trigger the spell checker. For most word (especially rare ones), it will highlight them a wrong. (In many cases, the compound word itself is in the dictionary. Then try another word.)
6. Right-click the word, and see it suggesting the split version with and without a n-dash along with more distant words. (“halb bitter”, “halb-bitter“, “halbierter”, …)

Result:
These are grammatically wrong, except for some case where no dash would make it hard to read it (e.g. with long compound using 3+ words). Especially the spaced variant is a wrong, a writing “spellcheckersuggestiondefaultingbug” instead of “spell checker suggestion defaulting bug” in English, where the rule are the opposite.

What should happen:
If the single word are in the dictionary, and the language is one defaulting to compound words, the spell checker should by default accept compound word made out of those. If some combination is not allowed, that one should be the rule that ha to be in the dictionary. But I doubt such blocking rule logic would even be needed at all.

This is pretty important, a you can literally see Germans getting worse and worse at their own language on the net because of this. It’s very annoying (similar to that “spellcheckersuggestiondefaultingbug”) and creates lot of ambiguity (which are also there in English, and can only partially be fixed with n-dashes, but people are used to it being hard to remove them).
