Add tab control options, including undo, to toolbar context menu and tab overflow menu
Created attachment 8426682
Mockup: Two menus where tab control options should be added

This bug adds "Undo Close Tab" to the tab overflow menu, and adds four items to the toolbar context menu in Firefox.

Acceptance criteria:
1. Undo Close Tab added to tab overflow menu
2. Reload All Tabs, Save All Tabs for Later, Bookmark all Tabs..., and Undo Close Tab added to toolbar context menu

(This is a followup implementation bug from bug 989796)

Rationale for two areas:

1. Context menu of the empty area in the toolbar

The rationale here stems from the fact that currently, users can undo a closed tab in a tab, but not right beside it.  This means there are some places in the menu bar that users can undo a tab closure from and other they cannot, and with Australis making background tabs more subtle, the difference is currently fairly arbitrary.  After all, neither a tab or the menu is the closed tab in question.  This rationale goes for not just closing the last tab, but all global tab options.  In 1c, all global tab options are added to the toolbar context menu, where the tab-specific options remain in 1a, when an actual tab is the target.

The option should be added to the top set under “Remove from Toolbar.”  This allows “Customize” to still be the most obvious bottom target, which is important since it’s the place a user right-clicking the toolbar will most likely find helpful.

2. Overflow tab menu

The rationale here is that this menu serves as a tab access point, including a link to launch tab groups.  If this menu is truly for tab management, undoing what was previously closed makes sense as an action here.  

Everything in this menu has an icon, so this needs one too.  We can make a new one, but for now let’s use the New Tab icon.  That and reload are the two most similar, but reload implies that action will happen to the current page while New Tab correctly implies an additional tab will be opened.