Provide flatter user experience on Mozilla Firefox
User Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.3; WOW64; rv:33.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/33.0
Build ID: 20141113143407

Steps to reproduce:

In my home, we heard that alot of products are going flatter including websites these days as alot of people now have more devices in their home or live in inner-connected world. There are low income families who live in mobile only situations and more people who live in urban areas who have more devices in their home. These days, more websites are going flatter and brighter, but browsers and operating systems must look more flatter and vibrant than what was expected. I see the future of people moving towards flatter user experience than what they had expected in the past. Flatter user experiences does not mean treating other gadgets as phones.


Actual results:

While iOS 7, Mac OS X Yosimite, Windows 10, Android 5.x is moving towards next generation user experience, web browsers like Mozilla firefox and google chrome needs to be completely flat with newer design language as well as mandatory use of flatter user experience on websites. Third party web browsers are not redesigned to be flatter and more powerful yet without any browser crashes yet and they need to be redesigned especially for thin and powerful gadgets. 


Expected results:

Mozilla should come up with a plan to eventually provide consistent flatter user experience across multiple screens by redesigning firefox to have next generation UI which is flat like iOS 7 and 8 as well as Google's material UI. Providing more performance and innovation across devices including Mozilla Firefox should be number one priority to reinvent web experience across web browsers. You need to re-design web browsers so they can make it flatter and more vibrant. Mozilla firefox needs a flatter user experience and design as well as functions that helps you know who is closing your web browser so people can block hackers from causing difficulties on their computers from their mobile devices.