Firefox 37.0.2 update drops all set preferences every time the browser is refreshed in favor of default settings
Created attachment 8597496
Mozilla survey error message.pdf

User Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.3; WOW64; rv:37.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/37.0
Build ID: 20150415140819

Steps to reproduce:

All I must do is close the program and reopen. All preset preferences revert to vanilla defaults (i.e. instead of opening my google search start screen as my home page, which is my preference, the mozilla start page commences and checking in options, the former selection is now gone).

I: confirmed I am virus / malware free using Hitman Pro and use Windows Defender continuously. Afterward I ran Auslogics Boostspeed to be certain any permissions, fragments, etc. were corrected. I uninstalled FireFox. I did a clean reinstall of Firefox, I imported my bookmarks from Chrome. I set my preferences and began browsing. I closed the browser and tried another session.  All preferences reverted to the default. Also, every session has that annoying telemetry message at the bottom of the screen (when I'd already selected my options).

None of these things happened prior to the 37.0.2 update.

I got an email from you guys saying you'd like to hear from me and gave me a link to follow to take a "survey" http://qsurvey.mozilla.com/s3/fb6d51/i-100556113-382435/ I went to that link and surprise, it also does not work. I made a screenshot of the message I received, went back to my email from Mozilla and attempted to respond with the screenshot attached. Of course, I received a delivery failure notice.

I don't know what you guys did with this most recent update but in my very most humble opinion, it blows and I very quickly went from a Firefox cheerleader to being very close to a non user of Firefox.



Actual results:

Abject failure at  every turn.


Expected results:

I should be able to establish preferences and be able to have them work as selected every session, without having to reset them every single session.

I should be able to communicate these things with Mozilla by the method Mozilla selected and advised me of, without having it end in the virtual equivalent of bashing one's noggin against the proverbial brick wall.

In reading similar notices on your bug wall I notice that other "bug reports" that are similar seem to have been unceremoniously relegated to "unconfirmed" or "invalid" status. I can attest to you that this is, in fact, a problem and it's not unconfirmed nor is it "invalid"