New "Options" UI ruins useability Fox version 38
User Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.2; WOW64; rv:38.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/38.0
Build ID: 20150513174244

Steps to reproduce:

Selected options on the tool menu


Actual results:

New UI for options appears, and is a step backwards....


Expected results:

This new scheme undermines useability:

1.   Most sub-panels now appear locked within the tab: eg, pop-up window exceptions or cookies.  Adding an exception is an awkward back/forth between tabs, to see which domains/sub-domains are listed in comparison to a page.   One can no longer create a free floating window to find out which cookies are obstructing logins, or make privacy evaluations.   Similarly, the use pattern for setting application is now awkward -- take, for example, how to flip between different PDF handlers.   
1a.  For some reason, in contrast, the view certificates dialog on the advanced page retains a floating dialog box, though that box is still (or now is..?) modal.
1b.  This new dialog box is also a particular problem with the save password dialog.
1c.   Why lose the ability to move the edges of the dialog, and defer only to the pull tab at the lower right.   What happened to user choice, if, say, I want to move the top of the box up, or the left side, or the user choice to rely on native OS abilities to automatically stretch a window to vertical screen extents?  Why does the UI designer know what I want better than, say.... me?

2.  The color choices for the font and background (dark gray, light gray) don't read well in poor light, or reduced screen intensity (as on a laptop).  In contrast, the old dialogs used dark/black fonts on white(r) backgrounds.    Similarly, the same problem has evolved for the side tabs and their font/background colors -- dim conditions make readability difficult.
2a.   This color schema is also a problem for those with color, focus or other eye related minor disability -- I am not talking substantial eye problems, just those common to 30 percent of the population, more so for those who have waved goodby to the far side of 30 years old.   Gone, for example, the blue hue of hovered-over buttons (long gone, apparently, the native OS 3D buttons...)
2b.   Even bugzilla retains at least some color schema...

2b.   The drop down boxes are no longer discernible, using fine box lines and non-different coloration

3.  One can no longer choose to leave a sub-dialog box open, and continue working, or continue hunting through other options.  Now, one is locked into a specific dialog and the UI demands completion before moving to other option areas.  Eg: "Allowed sites - Popup".   This also eliminates the ability to seek out coordination between choices in different areas of the options.

4.  I'm guessing, but is the new UI schema designed for phones/tablets?  If you wanted to create a UI for those environments, create a separate one....?