History entries deleted from one temporal category are deleted from all temporal categories
User Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 5.1; rv:40.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/40.0
Build ID: 20150812163655

Steps to reproduce:

Steps to reproduce:
Open the Library and expand History.
Find a URL that appears in two non-overlapping time categories, e.g. July and August.
Delete the entry from one category.


Actual results:

Actual behavior: the entry is deleted from all categories.


Expected results:

Expected behavior: The entry is removed the category in which you deleted it, but remains in the other category.

I *would* expect "Forget about this site" to completely remove the URL from the entire History. And entries *should* be deleted from other categories if they're a subset of the one in which the user deleted the entry, or if the deleted entry is the only "hit". So if I visited a site only once, yesterday, and I delete it from Yesterday, it shouldn't still show up in This month or Last 7 days. But if I visited a site both today and yesterday and I delete it from Yesterday, I'd expect it to still show up in Today, and consequently also in Last 7 days and in This month. If History is presented in discrete temporal categories, deletions within those categories should adhere to the categories' temporal restrictions.

As another example, I discovered this issue when I deleted all Older than 6 months entries and found that virtually my entire history was deleted. What I expected (and what I think most users would expect) was that those specific entries that are older than six months (including thousands of URLs Ihaven't visited since and will never visit again) would be deleted, but that sites I've visited since then--including sites I visit most every day--would remain in my History. They wouldn't show up in Older than 6 months ('cause I deleted all entries), but they would continue to be listed in the other, more recent temporal categories (because I've visited them more recently than 6 months ago), and would continue to show up in AwesomeBar results.

And I can hear the "But why were you deleting your history? Firefox manages it perfectly already!". Well, it doesn't manage it perfectly, and over time AwesomeBar gets laggy as hell producing suggestions, presumably because every time I start typing something it has to search an ever-increasing number of entries for matching text. Deleting Older than 6 months did indeed speed up AwesomeBar's matches, but of course the results are less useful since it's limited only to Bookmarks and pages that I've visited in the last six months but not prior to that.

I've since learned of places.history.expiration.transient_current_max_pages and have significantly lowered it in hopes that that will keep Awesomebar from getting ridiculously slow. But regardless of whether that's the preferred method of trimming the history, or whether devs think users should just leave this to Firefox to do on its own, as it stands the History viewer allows users to manually delete entries, and users will surely do it, so it should probably function in a way that users expect it to.