after version 40 setting devPixelsPerPixel to 2 makes the whole firefox app not redraw it's graphics correctly.
User Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Ubuntu; Linux x86_64; rv:40.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/40.0
Build ID: 20150819100600

Steps to reproduce:

load any page.


Actual results:

The graphics of webpages and the firefox chrome itself aren't redrawing unless I do things like move the firefox window.

After the version 40 update my firefox install on ubuntu/gnome3 intermittently fails to redraw the page as I interact with it. Moving the firefox window or even just clicking on the window header bar causes the whole page to redraw correctly. It's like one of those dirty video area checks is not working properly.

I note that the system native type widgets - like the textarea I'm typing in now - always draw correctly. Everything else though is pretty bad. It's almost not useable as is.

I have it installed on gnome3 on a separate pc laptop and also on a desktop and version 40 works fine so it seems like it's something to do with graphics hardware or retina display or dual headed maybe.

I have an unusual setup (sorry) but I thought I'd report it anyway just in case. I am running:
Firefox running on ubuntu with Gnome 3, on a macbook pro retina display with two other monitors plugged into it.

Which means I have this graphics card:
VGA compatible controller: NVIDIA Corporation GK107M [GeForce GT 750M Mac Edition] (rev a1)

I did install an add-on to increase the font size of firefox when it's on the retina display but I started firefox in safe mode and it still had the same problem. It definitely only started happening immediately after I got the notification that the version 40 update was installed.

It's not just the content of web pages that is not redrawing properly but even the tabs on the tabs bar are only partially refreshing and leaving patchy areas of colour which haven't refreshed.

If there's anything I can do to test other versions I'm happy to compile or install other versions I'd be glad to help.