Excessive CPU usage with 23 extensions present
User Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; WOW64; rv:43.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/43.0
Build ID: 20160105164030

Steps to reproduce:

I have 18 tabs pinned for very frequently used pages, and then may open anything from a few to many tabs in the course of my work (academic stuff).  FF works well most of the time, but occasionally, but with monotonous regularity, it will go dead slow, consuming up to ~36% CPU, and so making FF use difficult to say the least, but also slowing the machine appreciably.  I have let it run in this state for hours, and it never resolves.  For comparison, the normal background tickover is around 2 or 3%, with occasional extra activity to say 10%.  No problem with this at all.

What seems to be happening is that memory is being shuffled around, or the contents thereof.  The fact is that there is some 20 GB of free RAM, of which about 2 GB is being used (the numbers tick up and down continuously during this kind of event).  I have put the cache into RAM on a virtual drive, along with all Windows temp files, so that should not be a problem - there is plenty of memory there as well, 20 GB!, no indexing, no compression.  (After crashing and restarting to write this up, memory usage is around 1.3 GB, CPU usage around 2 - 5% - no problem to use.)

This is under W7 Pro, 64-bit.  It has been occurring for all of at least a few of the previous versions of FF.

The only way to deal with it is to crash FF and reload, when after the loading settling down, all is well again, until some random point in the future.  This has now happened many times.  I have held off reporting thinking that I might identify the problem with a specific tab.  I cannot.)

I cannot see any similar reports of this kind of behaviour, except for some very specific single-tab problems, for example.


Actual results:

Excessive CPU usage slows FF to a crawl, and interferes with the machine generally, by causing slow responses.  


Expected results:

Memory clean-up from time to time would not be a problem, but locked in a seemingly unending cycle is not functional.