Firefox hangs after a day - with high cpu (kernel time), maybe related to VM or RDP
Created attachment 8741655
Screenshot Sysinternals ProcessExplorer

User Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 5.2; rv:45.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/45.0
Build ID: 20160407164938

Steps to reproduce:

I'm running Firefox 45.0.2 with admin rights on Windows Server 2003 SP2 x86 in a VM, accessed by RDP.
I have hundreds of open Tabs, many of them since years. Since they are loaded on demand, that's normally not a problem.
Firefox is running all the time, at night the VM itself is suspended.


Actual results:

Since a year or so, over all Firefox versions since then, after running about a day or two, Firefox starts to hang for some seconds and reacts to mouse clicks very delayed. The hanging times get longer over time and after some more hours it doesn't come back at all. If I exit Firefox before it completely hangs, the session is correctly saved and restored, so I can continue where I was.
I tried many things, like closing Tabs, to see if one of them causes it, but when it started to hang, it never became better again.
The maybe interesting thing is what I see in the Sysinternals process explorer CPU graph: one of my 4 cores is completely loaded (25%) during the hangs, but in red, which means kernel time, I think - but I have no idea what this tells us. During the hangs, there is no I/O. See screenshot.
When I watch it longer, I sometimes notice that the hangs are exactly for 45 seconds and then Firefox continues to process my clicks for 1-2 seconds. Then the next 45 seconds start - maybe some timeout? But it's not always like that, it can be shorter or longer.

How can I find out more, without throwing away all my Tabs and History? I found some plugins showing memory per Tab, but they didn't help.

Could it be related to suspending the VM at night? I am not sure if it ever happened on the same day after a restart.


Expected results:

Firefox should not hang at all, of course :) Multiple cores should be used correctly and a restart should never be necessary to make Firefox be faster or use less memory.