Mouse-over (hover) on a dropdown suggestion (search, URL) causes the hovered-over item to be deleted on 'delete'-press
User Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64; rv:50.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/50.0
Build ID: 20160728030208

Steps to reproduce:

The behavior is slightly different for the URL bar and the Search bar, so I wrote them separately. Also see the note at the end concerning similar behavior in Thunderbird.

1. Click on the URL bar
2. Type 'Goog'
3. While typing, two types of suggestions will appear:
3.a. The bar will suggest goog[le.com] (the section in [  ] appears selected)
3.b. A dropdown also appears with other suggestions
4. After having clicked on the bar, the mouse may have 'accidently slid down' a little, to one of the dropdown suggestions. I don't care, because I don't want the suggestions. I press return. 

1. Click on the search bar
2. Type 'Goog'
3. While typing, suggestions will appear in the dropdown. I don't care about them, because I want to type something new. My mouse may slide down to one of the suggestions though, after I've clicked in the bar.
4. I decide I want to search for something else, so I select what I wrote (shift-control-arrow left) and press delete, so that I can type something else. 


Actual results:

The mouse-hovered item is affected, rather than the typed one.

- In the case of the url bar, [return] navigates to the hover-over item instead of what's in the url bar. 
- In the case of the search bar, [delete] deletes the hovered-over search suggestion instead of the word I typed and selected.


Expected results:

When I press a keyboard key such as return or delete, I expect it to have an effect on the area I'm typing in, not on what I'm mouse-hovering on. The current behavior is mixing two different input options, which is very confusing. 

If I want to mouse-select, I'll mouse-hover and mouse-click. If I want to keyboard-select, I'll keyboard-arrow-down and keyboard-return. If I want to delete, I'll keyboard-arrow-down and keyboard-(shift-)delete. 

Whatever the case, I don't expect what I'm hovering over to be "selected". I'm only "hovering"..... 

This may be related to Bug 1176107 and/or Bug 1283398.


[NOTE]
I experience the same issue in Thunderbird, it actually has even worse implications there. I may type "Ma" in the To: field and see that "Maarten" is pre-filled, which is great because he's who I want. My mouse may have slid down to another option starting with "Ma" though, but it wouldn't cross my mind that when I now click in the body of my email, or press "Send", that it will secretly change the To-field and send my email to who I was hovering over rather than to who actually appeared as typed-in! 

This behavior did not occur a year ago (maybe a little more), so a relatively recent change caused hovered-over items to be considered to be 'selected'.