Care2Rock
>> Vendor name
Care2Rock

>> Point of contact
Rion Dooley <deardooley@gmail.com>

>> Site URLs
care2rock.com
meet.care2rock.com
lessons.care2rock.com
livestream.care2rock.com

>> Does the application provide users with notice and control?
Welcome to Care2Rock.com, an online music lesson markeplace that connects users with teachers (collectively, the “Platform”), operated by Care2Rock.com (the “Operator”, “we”, “us”, “our”). 

Please read this notice carefully. This Privacy Policy describes how we treat the information we collect when you visit our website/platform and/or register to become a teacher or student on the platform. In order to complete your registration and to coordinate lessons and communications between students and teachers, we request your contact information, which may include without limitation your name, email address, and telephone number.  The amount of information you provide is entirely up to you, but a minimum amount of information may be required to complete registration with the website or Platform.  Information provided by teachers through the Platform may be available to Platform visitors/prospective students/students to facilitate the scheduling of lessons.  Additionally, you may share your information directly through the Platform with students or teachers, as applicable, to confirm and facilitate lessons.  We will only  share your personal information to third parties for promotional purposes with your permission.  
  
Usage Information.  In addition to collecting personal and non-personal information, we may also collect aggregated information about subscribers’ use of Operator’s website.  This information is not personally identifiable and will be used to find out how subscribers use our Platform and sites. For example, this information will tell us how much time users spend on our site and where subscribers come from and where they like to visit.  The collection of this information allows us to optimize the functionality of the sites, and may be shared with affiliates or third parties at our discretion.  
Payment Information you provide concerning the making or receiving of payments through our Platform may be shared with third-parties to facilitate the making of payments.   

Credit card payments by students will be made through Stripe, as well as direct deposits made on behalf of teachers.  Stripe has its own privacy policy which governs how your information is handled on behalf of Stripe.  
  
Choice/Opt Out.  If we ever send you information by email concerning our products or services that you did not expressly request, we will provide you with an opt-out mechanism by which you may request no such future emails.

Cookies.  We may use cookies to track your non personally identifiable information while you are on our website or Platform.  Our business partners may also collect information that is anonymous, such as your IP address (a number used to identify your computer on the Internet) or the type of browser you are using ("Anonymous Information"), through the use of cookies or by other means.  Using this information helps us update the site to make it more useful to you and other users. We reserve the right to maintain, update, disclose or otherwise use Anonymous Information, without limitation.
 
Links to Other sites.  As part of the Platform, we may create links allowing you to access third-party sites.  We are not responsible for the content that appears on these sites, and we do not endorse these sites.  Please consult the sites’ respective privacy policies to determine how they treat user information.
 
COPPA. In keeping with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), the law that protects children’s online privacy, we limit the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13. We screen users who wish to provide personal information in order to prevent users under the age of 13 from providing such information. Under COPPA, parents/guardians can review their child’s personal information and may also request that we have any information provided about their child be deleted. To do so, contact us via our “contact us” form provided on our website. Modification to This Policy.  We may change this policy, but we’ll post any changes here, so be sure to check in. 

Contact Us.  If you have any questions about this Policy or our sites in general, please contact us through the contact us form on our website. 

>> Have you seen and agree with the Developer Screen Sharing Submission policy?
Yes

>> Does the usage comply with the Developer Screen Sharing Submission Policy guidelines?
Yes