Hamburger menu submenu difficult to leave, do not follow usual platform expectations
[This is essentially UI feedback.  I am not sure if Bugzilla is the right place for this; if not, I'd appreciate a pointer.]

First of all, I generally really like the new Photon Hamburger menu.  It generally does a great job of providing the options that are typically needed.  I am going to complain about some aspect of it, but the overall concepts feels great.

However, I find the behavior of submenus (like "Library" or "Web Developer") (a) surprising and (b) suboptimal.

(a) The behavior is surprising because typically (at least on Linux and Windows, the platforms I am familiar with), hovering over such a submenu will open it.  The submenus in the Hamburger menu look just like these others, so I hovered them and expected them to open -- and nothing happens.  That was irritating, until I understood that I had to click.  Furthermore, submenus usually open *next to* the "super"-menu, while this one here "overrides" its super-menu.

(b) The behavior is suboptimal mostly because of this "overriding".  This makes it fairly inconvenient to go back to the outer menu -- browsing through all available menus is something I typically do when I want to get an overview of which features are available, and when I am searching for a particular feature but I am not sure where to find it.  The fact that submenus have to be clicked to be opened already makes this somewhat less ergonomic, but the fact that submenus can only be closed by moving the mouse to the top-left corner of the menu and pressing the "<" button makes such exploration outright exhausting.  In "normal" menus, all it takes to go on exploring is hovering the next submenu (which is still visible!).  With the UI in Firefox 54, the "button" to go back to the main menu at least spans the entire height of the menu, so it is possible to go back without much mouse movement.  In current nightly, the mouse has to be moved much more, and one even loses track of the vertical position.  This is particularly noticeable when using a touchpad.

The menu almost feels like a smartphone-based touch UI, ported to much larger screens but still trying to not use all the space that is available now -- and not taking into account that the mouse has both "hover" and "click" and is also moved very different from how fingers are moved (e.g., the finger is typically moved out of the screen immediately so that things can be read, whereas the mouse cursor typically stays where it was last used because it doesn't usually prevent things from being visible).