Autoscroll "sticks" if a dialog appears while autoscrolling
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.3) Gecko/20030312
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.3) Gecko/20030312

When using autoscroll, if a cookie popup happens (from a middle-click opening a
URL in another tab), the autoscroll "sticks" at its speed and you have to
dismiss the cookie window before regaining control of autoscroll.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open Slashdot or other news site with multiple links on the front page.
2. Open a link to a site you haven't been to before (using middle-click, which
(when configured properly) opens the link in a new tab and leaves you in the
original tab).
3. Immediately middle-click on whitespace, activating the autoscroll
functionality (this is installed separately, see http://autoscroll.mozdev.org/
), and move the cursor down (or up) so that the window starts scrolling.
4. When the new site attempts to set a cookie (and you've configured it to ask
you prior to setting cookies), a window pops up asking whether to allow the cookie.
5. Moving the mouse up or down has no effect on autoscroll; it continues
scrolling at the same speed in the direction it was scrolling prior to the popup
appearing.
Actual Results:  
Moving the mouse up or down has no effect on autoscroll; it continues scrolling
at the same speed in the direction it was scrolling prior to the popup appearing.

Expected Results:  
I expect the popup to temporarily disable the autoscroll, so no scrolling occurs
while focus cannot be obtained.  Or, it could just permanently disable
autoscroll and I would have to middle-click again to activate it after I dismiss
the popup.

Or, even better, the cookie popup would be "just another window" and would not
be modal (?) -- I would still be able to focus on the tab I was on, and change
to other tabs, and use Mozilla normally except there would be a separate window
with the cookie question in it.