Right-click and "save image as" often will not do anything. Work-around I have found suggests coding error...
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.5a) Gecko/20030808 Mozilla Firebird/0.6.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.5a) Gecko/20030808 Mozilla Firebird/0.6.1

Right click and "save image as" often will not provide any dialog box, or save
the image in any way.
But, if I do a "save page as" on the image, cancel that, and choose "save image
as" then the dialog box will appear.
Sometimes reloading the page /may/ also fix this problem, but the "save page
as/cancel/retry" method is more reliable.
However, that itself will sometimes break, and I am unable to save images until
I restart Firebird.
This problem arises both when viewing images themselves and on pages where I am
viewing an image amongst other HTML components.
The URL provided with my bug log is not really the problem, I think. It did
however happen at that location, just now. This is an infrequent event, and I
cannot predict when it happen. Once it has happened once per session of
Firebird, however, it is more likely to occur soon after than it was before. Or
so it seems.

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. It does not appear every time, or even during every session of Firebird.
2. I have a great many tabs (10-15) when it does happen, however. Once it has
happened, it is more likely to happen after then. I cannot say how to exactly
reproduce it, other than opening a great many tabs, that contain images either
as the URL or as page content.
3. Typically, the images have always been large - screenshots, scans of comic
pages, large logos. I would estimate they are around 300x300 pixels and upwards.
I have not tried to download any smaller images and had this problem.
Actual Results:  
When the problem occurs, I know because after choosing "save image as", the
right-click menu disappears if that is how I tried to perform the action, as
normal, but nothing else seems to happen. 

Expected Results:  
Displayed a dialog box asking me where I want to save the image.
When the diaog box does appear, I have no difficulty in saving the image after then.

I am running Gentoo Linux, with a 700mhz Athlon, 256 RAM. My machine is
generally stable, both as a whole and per-application.