web links in Firefox UI should use current window
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.5b) Gecko/20030824 Mozilla Firebird/0.6.1+
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.5b) Gecko/20030824 Mozilla Firebird/0.6.1+

Links to web pages embeded in Firebird's UI unexpectedly cause a new
"sub-window" to be opened, of limited functionality. It is in no way clear to
users this is: 1) an additional window, 2) functionality is hindered because it
is a child of a modal dialog.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. My friend, a person of above-average intelligence, a CS major, and an MSIE
user, is using my web browser.
2. Said friend has multiple tabs open.
3. Said friend clicks on "Get New Extensions" in the prefs window.

Actual Results:  
New window opens on top of the current window and prefs dialog, with the same
dimensions and look of a regular "browser". Said friend logically assumes the
browser just destroyed her other tabs to load this extension page and is quite
upset. (My desktop has no "window list" type bar, so by ALL indications, this is
exactly what has happened)

Expected Results:  
If links in the UI (Copyright and Contributor information, get new themes, get
new extensions, etc) must render a web page, either open a window of different
size and appearence (no menus/navigation elements), or reuse the current window.

PLEASE, hear me out: I know some users don't understand the Back button. But
those same users definitely aren't opening up Options under the Tools menu, much
less navigating to the extensions tab, and trying to install something.

At least under Linux, because of the nature of how this new "sub-window" is
opened, while browsing themes, extentions, or the contributor page, tabs and
content in your "real" browsing window are completely inaccessible. If anything
might confuse users, it's this. Not to mention that often I want to refer to
other web pages while browsing the extension page.

Also, there are some bugs cause by these "sub-windows" that would be "fixed"
when they are removed.