Proposed new "Mozilla Browser" Icon
User-Agent:       Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 6.0; Windows NT 5.1; .NET CLR 1.1.4322)
Build Identifier: 

This icon is intended to solve a number of issues:

- Currently, Mozilla Firebird has a nondescript icon.
- The current proposed icon (see 
http://www.actsofvolition.com/steven/mozillabranding/) , while attractive and 
professional, brands the product as "firebird" (note the "F"). Going forward, 
Mozilla Browser, the new name for Mozilla Firebird, will need an icon that 
both describes what it does and brands it as a Mozilla.org application.
- Windows XP uses true color icons, up to 48x48 pixels in size. It also uses 
32x32 pixel icons, 24x24 pixel icons(Start Menu), and 16x16 pixel icons. 
Simply resizing the image results in an unreadable blur. The icons *must* be 
hand-hinted so that they are clear at small sizes.
- Mac OS X uses 128x128 pixel icons. They are resized in real time. Any icon 
*must* fit the Mac OS X visual style. The icon must also be similar enough (or 
the same as) the Windows icon to signify that the program is indeed the same 
as the Windows version.
- GNOME and KDE accept either scaled PNG images or SVG. SVG icons are ideal as 
they are clearer at larger sizes. Any icon developed must be vectorized to 
facilitate the transition to SVG.

I have created an icon that I believe fits all of this criteria. It is simple 
yet universially recognizable. The user immediately knows that the product is 
in fact a web browser, and the "M" logo is included to signify that it is a 
Mozilla.org product. The icon is vectorized (EPS and Macromedia Flash) and is 
rendered in six sizes, from 16x16 to 128x128. Below 64x64, the icon is hand-
hinted to add more clarity and detail. Even at 16x16 pixels it is clear that 
the application is both a web browser and a Mozilla.org application.

You can view a preview at of the different sizes:
http://cwcairns.home.comcast.net/preview.png

Or, download the RGBA PNG images and vector source at:
http://cwcairns.home.comcast.net/globe.zip



Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce: