toolbar buttons should have a minimum width
User-Agent:       
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.6) Gecko/20040120 Firebird/0.7+

I like using the default firebird theme in its 'full' state, with icons and text.

Another caveat:  I'm using "Large Fonts" on Windows2k.  So my fonts probably
take up some more pixels than the default screen fonts.  This is a very common
choice, especially for laptops with small screens and very high resolution.

What I notice is that because the word "Forward" is longer than any other word,
the "Forward" button is bigger (wider) than any other button.  For similar
reasons, the "Back" button is smaller than any other button.

The length of the word on the button doesn't seem like a good way to determine
their size, and it makes the UI look a little messy IMHO that all the buttons
have a different width based on the word length.  Also, the "Back" button to me
is one of the most important buttons I use, and it shouldn't be the smallest
from a functional point of view.

I would propose adding "min-width" tags to the default theme for the buttons.  I
did this myself, adding "min-width: 50px;" to skin\classic\browser\browser.css
for the blocks ".toolbarbutton-1" and ".toolbarbutton-menubutton-stack" blocks
at lines 150 and 162.  This makes icons+text look great to me, but it has the
side-effect of keeping the min-width even when you are viewing icons-only, which
I realize is a waste of space and undesirable.  I'm sure a more experienced
themer could get the same result, but make no minimum width for icons-only.

I'm not sure how font size is determined in the theme, but if it is variable
based on the OS screen fonts, I suppose that a min-width based on pixels might
be problematic.  If there was some way to base it on the width of the word
"Forward" that would be ideal.

Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1. Use default theme
2. Choose "icons+text" from "Customize..." for the theme
3. (maybe) use "Large Screen Fonts" in Windows2k

Actual Results:  
All major navigation toolbar buttons have different widths, based on the length
of their word label.

Expected Results:  
Standardized widths of navigation buttons.