Location Bar Text Widget Responses to Clicks Violate Convention
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.2; en-US; rv:1.7) Gecko/20040614 Firefox/0.9
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.2; en-US; rv:1.7) Gecko/20040614 Firefox/0.9

In Internet Explorer 6, single-clicking in the URL widget results in selecting
the entire URL. The same holds in Firefox.

In Internet Explorer 6, double-clicking in the URL widget results in selecting
the entire URL. The same DOES NOT hold in Firefox; because in Firefox,
double-clicking only selects the current word in the URL.

I submit that it is unlikely that anybody would want to only select one word in
a URL by double-clicking since most people do this a different way: if somebody
is looking to change the text of a URL, (s)he usually does it by using a slow
double-click to get the insertion point placed in the right area, and then
proceeds by using the arrow keys, backspace, and delete to change the URL to
what is desired.

This results in substantial annoyance when one is conditioned to the convention
in Internet Explorer and other standard Windows applications. I request that
this behavior be changed to match the convention or made configurable for those
who are accustomed to one particular URL text widget.

Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1. Try single-clicking and double-clicking in both Firefox and IE URL text widgets.
2. Note that IE and other Windows applications respond identically to
single-clicks and fast double-clicks.
3. Note that Firefox responds quite differently, in a way that is not
conventional for Windows applications.

Actual Results:  
Firefox selects what it thinks is the nearest "word" contained in the URL.

Expected Results:  
Firefox should have selected the entire URL.

This bug has occurred in both the 0.8 Standard theme and the 0.9 standard theme.

I normally have UN*X style X-Mouse (focus follows mouse) enabled, but have tried
this both ways, resulting in identical widget behavior.