Compatibility information bar
With http://www.mozillazine.org/talkback.html?article=5063 community got to know
about new document.all support. People are arguing if it was proper solution.
This bug has suggestion to make situation better through Evangelization.

Information bar, yellowbar or toolbar just below tabs is powerful communication
means (as opposed to small icon in status bar).

Suggestion is to show bar in blue color with information about non-standard
compliant event, just like popup blocked or XPI install blocked yellowbar does.
There can be many sources of such event triggering, improper HTML, improper
JavaScript, other problems.

Suggestion is to include several actions in the bar, to help web become better
(to correct problem that made bar pop-up).

 * JavaScript Warning.
   link to JavaScript Console to show actual warning
   that made bar pop-up

 * Link to explanation of the problem.
   Link to Evangelization initiative of Mozilla (possibly
   http://evangelmoz.mozdev.org/). Best to page with
   explanation of the problem.

 * Email to site maintainer.
   mailto:webmaster@<site> (or author from META tags
   if present) link with subject and body pregenerated
   that explains the problem to webmaster of website
   causing errors. User would add several words himself,
   or just press Send.

 * Report to Evangelization team.
   The link that would register incident in Evangelization
   project database. Projects with higher priorities (banks,
   popular sites) would get assistance from Mozilla to
   convert their web applications to standards compliant mode.

 * Not UI but Evangelization.
   Backhit for the page with User Agent string replaced with
   error and URL. Webmasters would have special entries in
   the statistics about the problem they have with the site.
   This action should be configurable.

 * Options
   Link to configuration of this compatibility Information bar.

 * Close
   Close button to close the bar immediately (not waiting for
   page reload).

The Compatibility options would allow user to select level of conformance he
want to be notified about. I'm not specialist in quirks mode, etc., but people
do and can comment on this bug.