Incorrect window brought to front when page is slow to render, new window clicked, and Find dialog box invoked
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.7) Gecko/20040626 Firefox/0.9.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.7) Gecko/20040626 Firefox/0.9.1

I have two Firefox windows open (the second one having been created with
ctrl-N).  When the page being rendered in the first window is slowly rendering
and you click on the second page, and then immediately hit ctrl-F for Find, the
Find dialog box won't appear until the first page has finished rendering, and
the wrong window is generally brought to the front.  (The expected behavior
would be for the Find window to be foremost, then the second window behind it,
and the first window behind that.)  Usually the second window has been brought
to the front.  Sometimes I have seen the Find window brought to the front but
the first window is behind it, and the second window behind that.



Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1.  Launch Firefox and then hit ctrl-N to create a second window.  Go to
www.cnn.com in each window (as something innocuous that's fast to render).
2.  Display a web page in the first window that takes a long time to render.  I
used my account at
http://movies.hsx.com/servlet/Portfolio?destPage=/servlet/Portfolio which, in my
account, is a tabular list of about 6000 items with some pop-up menus.
3.  Display something else in the second window -- I used
http://www.the-numbers.com/hsx/index.html which is another big table that's much
faster to render.
4.  Click "Back" on the first window to get to the innocuous page.
5.  Click "Forward" on the first window to start navigating to the
slow-to-render page.
6.  Immediately click in the second window.
7.  Immediately hit ctrl-F for Find.



Actual Results:  
The Find dialog box appears, but the wrong window is generally brought to the front.


Expected Results:  
The "Find" dialog box should be frontmost, then the second window behind it,
then the first window behind that.


2.26GHz Pentium 4, 1GB RAM, Windows 2000, GeForce 3.

Firefox extensions:  SmoothWheel 0.41, Nuke Anything 0.1, Clone Window 0.2.3,
Duplicate Tab 0.2, DOM Inspector 1.0.