Autodial/autoconnect window/prompt pops up in background
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.5) Gecko/20041113 Firefox/1.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.5) Gecko/20041113 Firefox/1.0

The autodial window or prompt appears in the background. To avoid confusion,
that is the feature very well described for Seamonkey at
http://www.mozilla.org/quality/networking/docs/autodial.html.

Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1. Setup a non-permanent connection (I have ADSL).
2. Make sure Firefox is closed, then start it.
3. At some point, disconnect.
4. Request a webpage that needs an Internet connection (e.g. http://google.com).

Note that 2 and 3 are interchangeable, so that normally the bug will happen when
you're already disconnected before you start Firefox, you start it and it tries
to load your homepage. That is to say, this could be quickly categorized as a
"startup" bug, but it can happen later.
Actual Results:  
The window that proposes to connect to the Internet opens in the background.

Expected Results:  
The window that proposes to connect to the Internet should get focus.

After Firefox proposed me to connect for the first time, it needs to be reopened
to reproduce the bug. If I connect, then discconnect, then try to access a
webpage again without closing Firefox, the connection window comes in the
foreground as expected. If I click Cancel, and try to get the webpage again, the
window appears in the foreground as expected.

I don't think it can be reproduced very easily on another computer, because I
only tested on this computer, and one installation of Firefox of the two I have
doesn't have that bug.  I first noticed it with 1.0 Final, which was installed
with the installer. Then I tried a 20041112 or 20041113 nightly without the
installer (firefox-1.0.en-US.win32.zip) and can't reproduce the bug with that.
So, I then downloaded the 20041113 nightly with the installer and the bug is
present. Firefox is not really used on this computer yet so I don't think a
specific profile is guilty.