current page unusable while firefox is in the process of loading next one
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.5) Gecko/20041107 Firefox/1.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.5) Gecko/20041107 Firefox/1.0

When visiting any page and then, for example, clicking on a link to another
page, the current page is rendered effectively unusable while the new page is
being loaded, even though the current page is still on screen. This behaviour
seems to have changed from previous versions of Firefox, but I can't find a
record of any bugs being filed that might have prompted the change, or any bugs
about the change.

Currently, while the new page is being downloaded, I can left-click on other
links in the current page, which will stop the new page from being loaded and
load a different one instead, but I can no longer middle-click to any effect. I
can force the view to scroll up or down by selecting the text, but cannot use
the scrollbars.

This behaviour is not what it used to be in previous versions of Firefox. In
previous versions, while a new page was being loaded, but before it was rendered
on screen, I could continue to use the current page (I could open links in new
tabs, scroll, etc.)

While there may seem to be a simple workaround (back/forward), this is not
effective precisely because the issue is only really felt on slow-loading sites.
This has an especial impact on sites such as Wikipedia, where there is a lot of
information on the page (stuff I may want to read/links I want to open in new
tabs), but where pages may at times load slowly.

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Go to any site, especially one that may load slowly at times (e.g. wikipedia.org)
2. Go to a page with some links.
3. Left-click on a link to open in the same window
4. Before the new page starts rendering, try to scroll on the old page, or
middle-click on other hyperlinks

Actual Results:  
Nothing!

Expected Results:  
Scroll and/or open links in new tabs, or other actions