Favicon request is causing a Domain Mismatch Error
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8b) Gecko/20050124 Firefox/1.0+
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8b) Gecko/20050124 Firefox/1.0+

In the URL listed, "https://sannas.ca/2005/ffbug.html/" this page loads
correctly, however a second after it does, for some reason it attempts to
connect to some page at "https://www.sannas.ca".  The certificate that this
domain is using only covers the domain "sannas.ca" and not "www.sannas.ca" which
results in an error.

Note that this page has absolutely no external references.  I tried forcing a
favicon fetch on the "sannas.ca" domain and this error still occured.  This
error occured on the Nightly builds of both Firefox and Mozilla.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Go to https://sannas.ca/2005/ffbug.html
2. If you say cancel, you can view the page fine, until you attempt to grab
another page off of the site.

More generic reproduction steps:
1. Create a web page at "domain.com"
2. Setup a domain specific certificate for "domain.com", such as SSL123 through
Thawte
3. Point firefox or mozilla at "https://domain.com"
4. Get an error about "https://www.domain.com" not being secured properly.
3. 

Actual Results:  
I get this message, even though I never attempted to access "www.sannas.ca",
just "sannas.ca".

You have attempted to establish a connection with "www.sannas.ca". However, the
security certificate presented belongs to "sannas.ca".  It is possible, though
unlikely, that someone may be trying to intercept your communication with this
web site.

If you suspect the certificate shown does not belong to "www.sannas.ca", please
cancel the connection and notify the site administrator.

Expected Results:  
Should have loaded the certificate correctly, and not attempted to contact
"www.sannas.ca" after resolving, connecting and fetching entire page from
"sannas.ca"

I've been in contact with Thawte, and they claim that the certificate is
installed correctly.  These pages all work as expected on Internet Explorer 6.0.

The workaround is to essentially have a certificate that covers both domains.  I
havn't attempted it, but assumingly moving the certificate to cover the "www"
version of the domain might fix it as well.