Shockwave Director error is able to bind to a different browsing window; closing the original window crashes Firefox
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8b) Gecko/20050118 Firefox/1.0+
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8b) Gecko/20050118 Firefox/1.0+

     This is a rather odd bug.  While playing a Shockwave game, I received a
Shockwave Director error.  This particular error continued to repeat itself over
and over again, even after I closed it (kind of like multiple alerts or
javascript confirms stuck in an infinite loop).  This particular error message
causes the window that it originates from to not respond to any commands until
you get rid of the message.
     Anyways, during the process, I accidentally caused the error message to
"bind" to a different window.  Instead of locking up the real window that was
generating the error, it locked up another browser window I had open.  (Steps on
how to reproduce this are below.)
    In addition, this process allowed the real window that was generating the
error to be useable again.  When I attempted to close that window, Firefox crashed.

Reproducible: Didn't try

Steps to Reproduce:
If someone knows a better way to generategenerate a continues Shockwave Director
error, feel free to post it.  Otherwise, here's the long method:
1. Play the following game: http://www.abc.net.au/gameon/ogog/
3. On level 2, give the mammoth two grapes or put the animal on the fire.  You
should get the error message at that point.

Assuming you have a way to reproduce the error, here's what to do (from what I
can remember):

1. Before you get the error message, have a second browser window open.  Make
sure both windows take up only part of the screen -- neither one maximized.
2. When the error message appears, go to the other window (the one not
generating the error).  Bring it into focus.
3. Find the error dialog.
4. Arrange the windows/dialog so that you can see the error dialog and the
window that is not generating the error (the extra browser window you had open.
5. Once you can see both, bring the extra browser window into focus.
6. Click one of the buttons in the error dialog to confirm it.
Actual Results:  
The error dialog "transfers" to the other browser window as though it is
originating from it.  The actual window that is generating the error is not
accessible.


Extended: Steps to Reproduce Crashing
7. Continuing from step #6, assuming the "transfer has taken place," close the
window that was generating the error, while the error message is still up.
Result:
The browser crashes.


Two issues:
1) The error dialog is pretending to come from a different window than the one
it really is coming from.  Since it is just an error message, I don't know if
this is a security issue.  However, if this issue also can be applied to other
non-error dialogs, then might would be a security issue.  I don't know much
about Shockwave, however.
2) The second issue is just the crash that happens.

Note: If this bug has no security ramifications, then I would not expect a high
priority to be placed on this issue.  I suspect the chances that this will
happen to someone is fairly rare.