Browser functions (find, address bar) work, but not functioning on current tab
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.6) Gecko/20050225 Firefox/1.0.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.6) Gecko/20050225 Firefox/1.0.1

I've seen these separated but not together, and being a computer programmer
myself, I believe they are one and the same problem. When I open Firefox 1.0.1,
(website doesn't matter) with one tab I can use the find commands and the
address bar shows the website correctly. If I open another website in another
tab, the new tab displays and the address bar reflects the URL of the new tab.
The find command  looks for text in the previous window!!! If I click back to
the first tab, I find that whatever I typed in the find field is in focus, and
the URL of the second site remains in the address bar. I believe this is a
problem with the browser functions not updating according to the
currently-clicked tab.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open a website with Mozilla Firefox 1.0.1. (Website #1)
2. Open another website in a new tab. (Website #2)
3. Try to find something on Website #2. Search for a word that's on website #2,
but not on website #1.
4. Now search for a word that's on the Website #1, but not on Website #2.
5. Click back to Website #1.

Actual Results:  
1. Firefox opens (wow) with Website #1.
2. Website #2 opens in a new tab.
3. The search term is NOT FOUND, even if the word is right there in front of my
face on the current site.
4. The search term IS FOUND... hmm
5. The address of Website #2 remains in the address bar (even though Website #1
has focus) and the search term I typed in earlier that was found from the other
tab is focused (it's ALWAYS on the screen but not always highlighted)

Expected Results:  
1. Did what it should have done.
2. Same.
3. It should have found the search term for the current page.
4. It should NOT have found the search term (because it's not on the current page!)
5. The address bar should have updated to reflect the page I'm really on.

This bug happens with a standard outta-the-box Mozilla Firefox 1.0.1 install. It
happens on 3 different computers with different configurations. Two computers
use Windows XP Pro Service Pack 2, and the other uses Windows XP Pro Service Pack 1.

I do a lot of web developing using Firefox (html, css, javascript) [because IE
bites] and it's annoying not to be able to use tabs (I can't use them because
the find function is broken if I use more than one tab!) I also kind of need to
be able to see exactly which address I'm on, because many of the sites I have
are quite similar.