Clicking on a form control won't remove a text field's history popup
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.7.7) Gecko/20050414 Firefox/1.0.3
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.7.7) Gecko/20050414 Firefox/1.0.3

If you're typing into a text box and a you start typing something you've typed
in before, a popup/drop down list appears below the text box listing items
you've previously typed into it.  If you click outside the text field, the popup
will go away - except if you end up clicking on another form control the popup
keeps coming back and removing focus from the other control.  This means that if
you've typed in some text and then you want to select something from a <SELECT>
control, you can't use the select control because the text-popup keeps coming back.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.  Find a web form with both a text field and a drop down box
(http://www.google.com/advanced_search is one example.)

2.  Type the word "testing" into the text box next to "with all of the words"
then click the "Google Search" button.  This will add the word "testing" to the
text field's history.  Once the search results have come up, press the Back button.

3.  If you now delete the word "testing" from the text field and type in a "t",
the history popup should appear listing the word "testing" which you had typed
in previously.

4.  If you now click on the "10 results" drop down box, you won't be able to
make it actually drop down until you've removed the text-field-popup by some
other means.

Actual Results:  
The drop down box wouldn't drop down, because the text-field-popup kept popping
up stopping the drop down list from actually dropping down.

Expected Results:  
Clicking on the drop down list should cause the text-field-popup to go away, as
happens when you click on the "Google Search" button instead.  Actually, since
this requires two clicks to perform the search (one to remove the
text-field-popup, and another to actually click the button) it would be ideal if
this could be combined so that clicking once on the button would remove the
popup and perform the search, and likewise clicking once on the drop down list
would remove the popup and drop the list down.