Wireless Strength Is Low; Disable It; Re-enable it. Can't access same session
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.8) Gecko/20050511 Firefox/1.0.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.8) Gecko/20050511 Firefox/1.0.4

The classification of this bug is dependant on the intention of how superior
Firefox was intended to be over its competition, but I consider it critical,
only because if I have 10 tabs opened and I am interrupted, I have to quickly
bookmark most of the tabs, close the browser, open a new session, and click each
bookmark to reload it. 

A momentary 'disconnect' or 'interruption' in the network connection renders the
browser session useless, quite the opposite of how the download manager works,
when running a simple sequence of steps to avoid losing the entire session. The
steps to allow Download Manager to work have equivalent steps on a browser
session as well. 

In addition, this also occurs in IE and Netscape, so it could be strictly
Windows XP inherited, how hardware IDs with Wireless & Wired sessions work that
I am not too fully familiar with it. But, I do think that if Firefox can
overcome this (assuming that the OS is not the one that is preventing it), it
would be a grave hidden advantage for FireFox for continuous 'uninterrupted'
Internet service and a nice 'marketing' advantage.

In the additional information section (part -b-) of this bugzilla form, I
describe how Download Manager avoids this issue that the browser can't overcome.
Seems like two different developers worked on either part of Firefox. I figure a
design should be consistent in approach for the majority of the product, so it
can easily be debugged, if there are any problems. 

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
Before proceeding, please see the additional information section - part a for
environment information. This occurs in one of two following ways. Way #2 is the
typical way, but #1 is more simplified to show a similar point & avoid filing
two bugs that I think are essentially the same.

WAY #1:
1. Turn on PC with LAN connected. 
2. Open Firefox. Load any internet URL that is accessible.
3. Leave Firefox open. 
4. Disconnect LAN Connection.
5. Turn on the wireless connection.
6. Go back to Firefox, access a different page (that isn't cached).

WAY #2:
1. Open Firefox.
2. Double-click on the Icon which represents the Wireless Connection.
3. Browse & download files as one normally would, all the while monitoring the
wireless connection signal strength and transfer speed.
4. Monitor it when it reaches 'Low' (or 1-2 bars) signal strength and '1.0' mbps
transfer speed.
5. Read Actual Results - Way #2 - 'a' before proceeding.
6. A regular 'patient' user would simply wait until the Wireless regained its
strength or simply move their PC around until it was viable. But, a power user
would disable the wireless on the PC (popping out the PC Card, using XP to
disable it, or use the button above the keyboard), and re-enable it thereafter.
Windows XP would have a delayed off-beep and on-beep response. Go back to Actual
Results - step 'b'. 


Actual Results:  
WAY #1 - Browser states 'Document has no data'.
WAY #2 - 'a' - Firefox is still actively attempting to access the page or
download that is in progress. But, it looks to be halted. Go back to Steps to
Reproducing - Step '6'.
WAY #2 - 'b' - Firefox is still in its hung state. This is OK. Try to re-load
the same page, it says 'Document has No Data'. Even if I close the tab, open a
new tab, and copy & paste the URL, it still says Document has No Data. How to
reset this issue? I must close all the tabs and re-open Firefox. 

Expected Results:  
Firefox should reattempt any available connection and send the request through
that connection to reestablish (handshaking, etc.) with the other end and resume
as if nothing had occurred.

-a- It shouldn't matter what type of wireless router & card one uses, but for
informational purposes, I am using:

1. Use a PC with both a built-in wired connection and a built-in Intel-based
Wireless Network Connection (mine is a Compaq NC8000 Laptop).
2. Use a Netgear WGR614 Router (v3+)
3. Setup is presumed to be a suburban area, not a city urban area or downtown.
4. Assuming that you are in a typical home, where by the Wireless router is on
the 2nd level on the other side of the house and the PC is on the other side of
the house in a room with the door closed.

-b- In Download Manager, when an interruption has occurred, it simply hangs, as
the browser counterpart does as well. But, it can be re-enabled without losing
the entire session by doing the following steps (and equivalent steps in a browser):

1. Cancel the Current Download (Click Stop Icon in Browser Session).
2. Retry the Current Download (Click Reload Icon in Browser Session).

As a result, the download manager will attempt to connect to ANY available
network connection, even if it's different from the original one, but on the
browser it cannot. Since, IE has no download manager, there's no way for me to
confirm that IE can do the same. Netscape has that same ability, so it must be a
Mozilla-inherent design.