Problem with jscript resizing script after print preview.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.7.8) Gecko/20050511 Firefox/1.0.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.7.8) Gecko/20050511 Firefox/1.0.4

Before printpreview, resizing the browser window also triggers the
resizing-script on the stated webpage, which runs correctly and resizes and
repositions the various webpage elements so make it look "normal" again.

However, after printpreview, resizing the window does trigger in part the
resizing-script on the stated webpage, but the right and bottom values of the
various elements in the webpage are NOT resized and repositioned, cutting it out
of the display. This is NOT a problem with the script on the webpage, as it runs
perfectly before printpreview. This bug is FF-specific, as the script also runs
perfectly after printpreview in MSIE.

I concluded that Firefox fails to recalculate browser window size values upon
resizing after print preview. However,
javascript:alert(window.innerWidth/Height); after printpreview still gives the
correct value, even though the webpage resizer script (which generates values
based on the browser's innerWidth/Height variable) does not work properly then.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. open http://webxl.5gigs.com/?bugs.html
2. try resizing the window. you'll notice the page automatically resizes itself
when you let go of the mousebutton.
3. now open print preview.
4. try resizing the window now
Actual Results:  
5. the page does not re-adjust correctly. the scrollbuttons on the right are
drawn outside the browser window, and the border on the left-center extends into
the bottom 

Expected Results:  
5. the page should have resized correctly, with the left-center border being
redrawn at the right size, and the scrollbuttons being redrawn within the
browser window.

the bug corrects itself when the page is reloaded. in other words, after you
reload the page the resizer-script works properly again.