In the Download Actions dialogue, clicks on column headers act wrongly
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8b2) Gecko/20050703 Firefox/1.0+
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8b2) Gecko/20050703 Firefox/1.0+

In Tools > Options > Downloads > Download Actions > View & Edit Actions, clicks
on column headers are misinterpreted:

Right-clicking acts as a left-click and sorts by the column's contents; should
show a menu of available columns

Double-clicking or double-right-clicking, including on the choose columns icon
above the scroll-bar, opens the Change Action dialogue for the first item in the
list; should act as two single clicks

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Tools > Options > Downloads > Download Actions > View & Edit Actions
2. Right-click a column header
3. Double-click a column header
4. Double-right-click a column header
5. Double-click the choose columns icon above the scroll-bar
6. Double-right-click the choose columns icon above the scroll-bar
7. Right-click the choose columns icon above the scroll-bar
Actual Results:  
2. Sorts by the column's contents
3. Sorts by the column's contents, reverses the order, opens the Change Action
dialogue for the first item in the list
4. Sorts by the column's contents, reverses the order, opens the Change Action
dialogue for the first item in the list
5. Shows the list of available columns, opens the Change Action dialogue for the
first item in the list
6. Opens the Change Action dialogue for the first item in the list
7. Nothing

Expected Results:  
2. Show the list of available columns
3. Sort by the column's contents, reverse the order
4. Show the list of available columns
5. Show the list of available columns
6. Not sure; Thunderbird interprets this as a (double-)right-click on the first
item in the list but that doesn't seem quite right; should probably show the
list of available columns
7. Not sure; Thunderbird interprets this as a right-click on the first item in
the list but that doesn't seem quite right; should probably show the list of
available columns