when extending an iframe via javascript, the added space becomes transparent
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.7.10) Gecko/20050716 Firefox/1.0.6
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.7.10) Gecko/20050716 Firefox/1.0.6

there are many bugs reported about iframe rendering, this report could probably
help correct one of the bugs.

a page includes some iframes. when the page is invoked, the iframe (via CSS)
gets a style.height attribute, which by a javascipt is changed (usually
extended) according to the screen.height attribute of the actual screen. the
gained space on the screen, from the firefox viewpoint, remains transparent,
i.e. it is not rendered by firefox. but when you move the mouse over that space,
the mouse cursor turns into pointer or haircursor or hand, according to its
position over an (invisible) free-space, text, or link, respectively.

this bug does not occur with firefox 1.0, it does, however, occur with firefox
1.03 and higher. the bug does not occur alltoghether on windows. 

original setting of the iframe style-attribute by CSS (i.e. when the page is
first invoked):

.iframe
{
        width:1280px;
        height:400px;
        overflow:auto;
}


setting via javascript according to screen.height:

        ff = screen.height - 280
        document.getElementById('iframe1').style.height = ff + "px"


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
NOTE: in order to make the effect more visible, use a screen with a resolution
at least as high as 1200*800
1. http://www.addressino.com/
2. click (bottom of page) Ich will mir das zuerst in Ruhe ansehen
3. the effect is visible immediately
4. you may select one of the db entries, to make the effect more visible.

Actual Results:  
the added space on the browser window, gained by enlarging the
iframe.style.height attribute is rendered transparently, i.e. not "maintained"
by firefox. the mouse cursor, however, reacts to the invisible underlying
structure as expected.

Expected Results:  
the added space should be handled in an opaque mode, and not be transparent. 

the web page http://www.addressino.com/ may not be available always.