Firefox unsuitable for browsing high-res image galleries due to preview on tab icon
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8b4) Gecko/20050812 Firefox/1.0+
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8b4) Gecko/20050812 Firefox/1.0+

Firefox does not appear to cache the resized image used as the favicon displayed
in the address bar and tab of tabs showing high-resolution images. The CPU
overhead of performing the scaling on every redraw is very noticeable, and makes
Firefox impractical for viewing galleries of photographs taken from digital
cameras by opening them in tabs, for example.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open the image from the URL on multiple tabs, say about 10.
2. Switch between the tabs, open and close menus, resize the browser window, etc.
3.

Actual Results:  
Browser practically unusable on my dual processor Athlon MP 2800+ with 1GB RAM
and a Radeon 9800XT running latest Catalyst drivers under Windows XP SP2. It's
no longer a top-of-the-range system, but it's faster than most users' machines.

Expected Results:  
No browser slowdown. The 16x16 image could be cached. Experiments show that this
seems to occur for some images in different formats or with different colour depths.


I understand that the resized-image-caching thing is a core issue rather than a
Firefox problem per se, as it also affects scrolling on pages that dynamically
resize images. However, using images as thumbnail icons on tabs and in the
address bar is a change for Firefox 1.5 which makes the browser unusable for
viewing high-res images from a Photo CD, digital camera or online gallery, and
there's currently no way to control it. I don't believe those situations are
atypical.

In raising the bug on this component I wish to encourage consideration of
whether a general fix is possible for Fx1.5, whether a work-around for the
specific case of favicons is conceivable, or whether it's worth disabling the
preview icons by default until the problems can be addressed (by the Cairo
stuff?) given that the feature wasn't present in 1.0.