Firefox problem with Win XP Multiple Desktop Powertoy - copy and paste not working
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.10) Gecko/20050716 Firefox/1.0.6
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.10) Gecko/20050716 Firefox/1.0.6

Please see bugs #305778 and #305774 for similar, reproducable bugs with the XP
Multiple Desktop Powertoy and Firefox. Unfortunately I have been unable to come
up with a set of steps to reproduce this bug. However, using Firefox on my main
PC means I encounter this problem _every_day_ in some form or other.

When using Firefox and having switched desktop a number of times using the
multiple desktop powertoy from Microsoft, copy and paste functionaly stops
working. Listed below are some of the various symptoms I have encountered at
various times:

* I can select text in a Firefox tab, but when I right-click there is no copy
option. Similarly cut and copy options are disabled in the menus and the
shortcut keys do not work
* Selecting addresses in the address bar suffers the same problem as above, no
context menu copy option, no main menu option and keypress has no effect
* On some occasions selecting _part_ of the address in the address bar will
allow that portion of the address to be copied when the whole address cannot (I
have copied addresses from the bar by leaving off the "l" in .html when selecting)
* The "Select All" menu option was available when copy was not, so I tried using
that to copy a page from a tab. After clicking it, the copy option became
available though the text was not highlighted. Instead, the text in a
_different_ tab was highlighted and could be copied.
* Pasting can be problematic, especially for text copied from Firefox. On many
occasions I have had to copy text from FF to notepad/textpad, reselect and copy
it before pasting into Firefox.

These are the principal problems encountered. Unfortunately I have been unable
to generate steps to reproduce them as of now. If I subsequently do find out how
to reproduce any symptoms I will add them to this bug.

Reproducible: Couldn't Reproduce




Though not reproduceable by me, I encounter this problem after continuous FF
usage every day.