User control of the window movement is restricted
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8b3) Gecko/20050712 Firefox/1.0+
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8b3) Gecko/20050712 Firefox/1.0+

When the user wishes to drag a window to a new location on the screen, most of
the time the window immediately returns to its original position.

This bug is very difficult to diagnose. It cannot be reproduced reliably. There
seems to be some automatic detection mechanism that tries to keep people from
"accidentally" moving their windows around.

Some people hate to move any windows, anyway. I move my windows all the time.

When there are two or three windows open on my screen, it is absolutely
essential for my efficient use of the computer that I can move them instantly
anywhere, without an automatic response mechanism that restores them to their
original location.

I tried to find out if this is a feature which exists in the preferences, but I
found nothing mentioned. It may be an anomaly the cause of which does not exist
in the Firefox/Mozilla source code.

But it is very real, and it is happening to me all of the time.

As I write, I tried to reproduce it again by dragging this window itself. The
problem now does not manifest itself in this window only. This is one of the
most infuriating things.

Any user action which the user believes will have occurred may result in the
next moment an action being taken which depends on the result of the previous
action. If the user's software denies the user from obtaining the first result,
the second step may result in the user's click on their Desktop closing and
deleting the text of a one-page email which they just wrote, because the window
really didn't move, and their next click was directly on the close box.

Therefore, any bug is extremely severe which results in throwing away user input.

Comments: This bug is one of the most irritating bugs to someone who is affected
by it. I feel like saying something really horrible.


Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce: