Quicktime voicemail playback truncated in 1.0.6 and 1.5 B1 (also previous versions)
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8b4) Gecko/20050908 Firefox/1.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8b4) Gecko/20050908 Firefox/1.4

This site provides unified messaging including voicemail (presented as a
quicktime player).  In all versions of Firefox, so far, these messages get
truncated.  Not sure of the percentage but as an example a 15 second message
will play, approximately, the first 6 seconds.

I had thought it was specific to the way ureach codes their site and had that
confirmed by their techs saying they do not support Firefox.  However, another
bug (a phantom vertical scroll bar in the center of the message screen) was
eradicated with the Beta release of 1.5.  So, I thought it best to mention the
voicemail issue.

I do appologize for not being able to provide more specifics such as the
examples but I am not that versed in the coding.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.  Have a ureach account
2.  Receive a voicemail message at your uReachMe number
3.  Attempt to listen to said message via Firefox/quicktime

Actual Results:  
The progress bar in the quicktime player moves to the end of the slot prior to
the completion of the message.  Approximately, cutting off the last 2/3 of the
voicemail.

Expected Results:  
Play the complete message.

I have retained the last available version of IE for Mac solely for the purpose
of listening to voicemails at ureach.com.  Despite its inferiority, IE does play
the entire message at that site and provides some hope that a solution is practicle.

I am saying it is a "normal" bug only because the available workaround is to use
another browser.  However, I understand that it is a very specific issue most
likely relevant to very few users.

Despite searching for bugs related to ureach and/or quicktime audio, I found
nothing similar but several far more drastic quicktime issues which have not
found their way into my situation.  If you do researche this issue and ureach
does not fully cooperate, please let me know and I will do what I can to set up
a temporary account with which to test the situation.