Force links that open new window to open: Window, should be Tab by default
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.7.12) Gecko/20050919 Firefox/1.0.7
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.7.12) Gecko/20050919 Firefox/1.0.7

This is an obvious bug report, but very fundamental and important.  Mozilla
promotes the advantages and ease of tabs over windows extensively as easier to
use, better for memory on computers, and more intuitive than windows, but does
not enable them by default in Firefox.  This I believe is down to fear of giving
the user change, but the fact it there is no good reason to hold back this
highly expected, popular, intuitive, better and easier functionality.  This
stance is the same as IE, in that IE has not decided to deliver tabs at all,
through fear of giving users change.  They were wrong, and Firefox is too wrong
in this regard.

Tabs are promoted to users to be very easy to use out of the box and are, but
this one option 'force links that open windows to open: Windows', should be
tabs, respectively.  In any case, in this modern day of browsers, it is not
forcing, it is giving the user the best experience out of the box, and that is a
choice of either windows or tabs.  If tabs truly are the now, the future, easier
to use, better for computers and memory, productivity, understanding and more,
they should then be on by default, in light of all of this.

 Users expect the best, most easy to use, settings and features out of the box.
 Tabs are highly used, promoted at Mozilla.org and as such expected, not to set
them up.  They are beneficial and easier to use, and as such should be set to be
enabled out of the box, not forcing users to un-necessarily change the settings
which is otherwise, and should here be avoided.  This leaves the remaining
minority who do not wish to use tabs after this, with the clear option of
opening links in windows instead.  This is in line with the general ethos of
delivering the best, easiest to use, simplest out of the box browser that
Firefox is developed to be.

All modern browsers including Opera, Netscape, Maxthon, Avant and more open tabs
inside the main window instead of new more complicated, memory using windows
like IE.  Firefox is the only one not to do so, despite there being no lose for
users, only benefits.  Even IE7 is highly likely to use tabs by default, and if
they could do so now, they would.  So when will Firefox do the same?  Are
Mozilla going to be the ones who revolutionised tabbed browsing as a better,
more productive, easy way to browse and implemented in the best way, that are
left as the only browser using windows by default, instead of tabs like
Netscape, Opera, Maxthon, Avant, most others, and even IE?

Reproducible: Always