Firefox submits <select multiple="multiple"> as a single, non-array value and JavaScript behaves as if text input fields were filled in with values that were previously in them
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.12) Gecko/20050915 Firefox/1.0.7
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.12) Gecko/20050915 Firefox/1.0.7

Was betatesting quite complicated form of my own design. Filled in the form, submitted it, looked at the results, found the errors, corrected them, then started from the beginning to test again. At the beginning of the test, the form is empty (no autocomplete). I have a couple of text input fields that should start a JavaScript function that uses the field value on click. When I clicked one of those fields that was empty, there was a JavaScript error that could happen only if the field wasn't empty (in an if construction that asks if the field is not empty). I ignored this error and tried to submit the form. There was a mutliple select field in my form which always worked ok (<select multiple="multiple">) but this time only a single (highest) value was posted in a simple, non-array variable.

Reproducible: Couldn't Reproduce

Steps to Reproduce:
This bug happened after long time of working with Firefox. It seems to be extremely rare and I doubt I could reproduce it.
Actual Results:  
This bug happened after long time of working with Firefox. It seems to be extremely rare and I doubt I could reproduce it.

Expected Results:  
If a field is autocompleted, it should be displayed that way and not autocompleted only for JavaScript and empty for the user.

Multiple select should be posted as array of values of selected options.

I was using default theme. 

Maybe this bug is only a minor nuisance when worknig with small forms(like this one), but it can cause a major data and/or worktime loss when filling in large and complicated form like the one I was testing.

I cannot provide access to the form because it is protected by admin password but I can paste the page source into HTML file and send it to you so you can see what kind of HTML and JavaScript caused the bug. Send me a mail if you need that.