can't open .asp web pages saved locally from within firefox as complete web pages
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5

When saving a web page that's served up by .asp instead of plain old .html as a complete web page (choose "File | Save Page As" and leave the filename alone and choose "Web Page, complete" as the file type), then the page cannot then be opened in Firefox (choosing "File | Open File" from the menu and selecting the page that was saved results in Firefox, after a bit of churning, prompting you to save the page, without displaying it)

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Browse to a web page that uses the evil corporation's Active Server Pages (*.asp) extensions
2. Save the page as a complete web page (choose "File | Save Page" and select "Web Page, complete" as the file type. If you change the filename, do not specify the extension (this is what most people do ... they either save the file using the default filename or they type in a new name but not a filename extension)
3. Close the browser window, or open a new window/tab.
4. Open the file that you just saved, with the .asp extension.

Actual Results:  
Firefox prompts you for a filename to save the file that you're trying to open. Clicking "Cancel" in the save file dialogue box cancels both operations.

Expected Results:  
The file should open in the browser window/tab.

Changing the file extension to .html allows the page to be opened, or renaming the file using an .html extension allows the page to be opened, after it's saved, without firefox prompting to save the file.

I've only encountered this problem on the www.medicare.gov web site (which uses .asp pretty extensively) but then I've only tried to save .asp pages from that site. I'd imagine other sites that use .asp would yield the same results.

This appears to be a bug that's related both to the Download Manager and to the File Handler capabilities of Firefox, but I was unable to select both components. I'm not sure where the bug lies -- perhaps the Download Manager should save all web pages (complete) with a .html extension, or perhaps the file handling should be fixed to prevent this from happening?