Firefox seems to have been given the "Always On Top" instruction.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5

Normally I can switch between different running applications by using either Alt-Tab or by just clicking on a different application down there in the Task-Bar.  This still works fine if I am switching from or between any other applications, and in switching TO Firefox, but once Firefox in "On Top" I can no longer switch back to any other application until I click the minimize (The Minus Sign -) in the top right corner of the firefox window.  When Firefox is not quite full screen, and I click onto another visible application in the background, that application's top bar goes from gray to the normal Blue, meaning it is active.  Meanwhile the top bar of the firefox window will go gray,  but it will continue to stay on top of the other application even though I am now controlling the other application. For Example, I could click on my email program (eudora) and scroll down the list of emails, but can only see what is outside of what is being covered up by firefox window.
My cousin was over here who knows firefox real well, and neigher of us could find a setting that fixes this.  He told me that he thought it was a bug, so I thought I should report it.  If it is not a bug and only Operator Error on my part, please let me know so I can fix it.
thank you 
-kevin-

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.this is always here, even after restarting computer.  I even upgraded to Ver 1.5 yesterday.  It does not do this to me on my computer at work (also win2k sp4)
2.
3.




When I first loaded firefox here at home, it was not like this, only the last month or two...
I run avg antivirus and keep it up to date faithfully.
I also occasionally run Ad-Aware, SpyBot, and run SpywareBlaster.
I am on old DialUp, typical download acutal speeds of around 1 or 2k per second (very slow) becaue I am a long way from town.