When clicking on a target on an interactive map, map moves relative to cursor, you miss target, get an error message.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5

The United States Geological Survey has an interactive feature for worldwide earthquake activity.  See here: http://earthquake.usgs.gov/recenteqsww/
The world map is broken up into regions which you can click on to see all the most recent earthquakes in a specific region.  For example, click on the image of Australia (this should take you to this location: http://earthquake.usgs.gov/recenteqsww/Maps/region/Australia.html ).  So far, so good.  Now click on any square representing an earthquake.  This works too; but now you'll be taken to a new, more detailed map showing one or just a few earthquake squares.  Click on one.  What happens on my browser is that the map shifts position as you click on it.  Now, you get an error message saying "Sorry, try clicking again".  If you hit the "back" button and click again on the same earthquake square, it works the second time.

I contacted one of the USGS' webmasters about this error and they said that they were aware of it, but that they believed that it was a bug in Firefox.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Go to: http://earthquake.usgs.gov/recenteqsww/
2.Click on any region represented on the map; say, Australia.
3.Select any square representing an earthquake and click on it.
4.In the new higher resolution map, click again on any earthquake square. You should now see the error message saying "Sorry, try clicking again"

Actual Results:  
Error message: "Sorry, try clicking again.  Sorry, your mouse click did not fall inside an earthquake or arrow.  Please hit the back button on your browser and try again."

Expected Results:  
Obviously, in step 4 above, clicking on the square should take you to another webpage with detailed info on the earthquake.

I am using an HP Pavilion running Windows XP SP1 (with all the critical updates for SP1) 800MHz Pentium III with 384 MB of RAM.  My browser is basically a default installation of Firefox 1.5 with a handful of basic plugins (Macromedia Flash, Adobe plug in, etc.)