Last five bookmark folders items were saved to are frozen in the Add Bookmarks window from prior to last build upgrade download
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Win98; en-US; rv:1.8.0.1) Gecko/20060111 Firefox/1.5.0.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Win98; en-US; rv:1.8.0.1) Gecko/20060111 Firefox/1.5.0.1

Within the last 10-14 days I upgraded to the following version:

Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Win98; en-US; rv:1.8.0.1) Gecko/20060111 Firefox/1.5.0.1

After upgrading, when I try to add a bookmark to a folder in my bookmarks file, usually you can choose from the last several folders that you added bookmarks to, yet now after the upgrade the folders prior to the upgrade are frozen in the Add Bookmarks window. Instead of the most recent folders bookmarks were added to being put into the Add Bookmarks window, you have to open the full bookmarks folder via the tab in the Add Bookmarks window and scroll down to the folder you wish to add the bookmark to each time.  Usually you can do this via the last several "most recently used/added to folders" in the Add Bookmarks window, yet when they're frozen from the last upgrade, it has'nt been possible.  Please e-mail me with any questions that you may have if I'm not clear enough on this here.  Thanks for you help and for having the best browser out there! 

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Click the Bookmarks tab
2. Click "Bookmark this page"
3. The Add Bookmarks window opens up and under Create In: the last five folders that bookmarks were added to are frozen in this window since the last upgrade, instead of them changing as you add bookmarks to different folders in the main bookmarks file.

Actual Results:  
I am forced to scroll through the entire bookmarks folder to find the folder I wish to add a bookmark to for multiple bookmarks I need to add to the same folder each time I add a Bookmark.

Expected Results:  
The way it worked before the last upgrade as it was intiially designed to

E-mail me if you need more clarification.  Thanks