Security risk: URL hiding problem
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8.0.1) Gecko/20060111 Firefox/1.5.0.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8.0.1) Gecko/20060111 Firefox/1.5.0.1

The URL I submitted (http://ssl-f44bx53.info/https/www.paypal.com/login.htm#) appears to be a phishing scam site. (It was linked from a suspicious e-mail that wanted me to "confirm my PayPal records".) On the page, in the upper right hand corner, there is a little link that says "Secure Log-in" which pops up a window with no URL bar, but all the rest of the navigation bar is present. When I try to customize the toolbar to show the URL field, there seems to be no way I can show the URL of the displayed page. 

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open up suspicious e-mail
2. Click on the suspicious link saying "Click here to receive access to confirmation page"
3. Click on the link that says "Secure Log In" in the upper right hand corner and notice that the pop-up window has no URL field.
4. Try to customize the toolbar to force the URL field to show.
Actual Results:  
A window pops up that looks like this: (Note the missing URL field. The URL field cannot be made to show itself, so far as I've tried using the customize-toolbar options.)

http://homepage.mac.com/Berkana/FireFoxBugs/URL_hidden.png

(I'm using a FireFox extension to make the interface look like shiny plastic, in case you wonder about the screen shot.)

Expected Results:  
I expect to be able to see the URL of any window that pops up anywhere. If it doesn't show, I want to be able to force it to show, some way, somehow (I'd like it to be in the View menu.). No window should be able to mask it's URL in such a way that I can't expose it.

 I can see the URL in the JavaScript source code of the linking page, but many users don't know how to interpret the source code, which makes the possibility of masking the URL field a security risk; phishers are more likely to fool more people if they can pull this trick off, even as more and more people know to beware of suspicious URL's.