2 problems occur when using eBay, failure to laod page, and attempt to run page as a dll
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.0.2) Gecko/20060308 Firefox/1.5.0.2
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.0.2) Gecko/20060308 Firefox/1.5.0.2

When opening new links on eBay I have noticed a failure of the browser to open the page, instead asking me to save the page as a dll or execute it as a dll. This has occurred only after the latest update. If you click again on the same link, then the browser opened the page. Also when in eBay the browser fails to refresh pages, leaving a blank page when completed. Manual refresh is then required to display the page.

A unrelated error is failure to hold cut and pasted data between pages. Many times I have had to go back and again cut a URL or other data again from the page before it will show again for pasting on another page or in notepad or word. In addition i have noticed a major speed drop when display pages. I run on a 6Mbs cable connection and have suffered a tremendous slow down when browsing the net after the latest update. This error also manifests itself in eBay, where fast refresh for auction bidding is a must. I have been forced to revert to using IE 6 to bid in eBay. I have tested my connection and am running a consistent 5.5mbs to 6 mbs with no slowdowns

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. The dll error is intermitten
2. The cut and paste error occurs daily and requires no special circumstances
3. The page refresh slowdown occurs daily and requires no special circumstances

Actual Results:  
There is no special steps to reproduce the errors. In eBay they will occur or not occur, intermittenly, when clicking on links. The cut and paste error happens always, as does the slowdown of page refreshes

Expected Results:  
I would expect teh browser to at least be as stable as the previous version, but my experience has proven otherwise. I belive this latest update is a huge step backwards in performance and will likely lead to be reverting permenantly to IE 6

It should never try to execute a page as a dll file or ask to save it as such. It should always open webpages as webpages. The browser should not be slower then the previous version. The browser should not lose cut and paste information between pages.