Pages don't finish loading until refresh
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.0.4) Gecko/20060508 Firefox/1.5.0.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.0.4) Gecko/20060508 Firefox/1.5.0.4

50% of the time pages will not finish loading.  There are many other similar complaints which are listed as unconfirmed.  This started after I upgraded to FireFox 1.5.0.1 and I still have the problem with 1.5.0.4.  I have seen this on 3 computers.  

Sometimes the page is blank and all network communications will cease.  However the revolving arrows on the tab menu indicates the page is still loading.  Waiting 5 minutes does not help.  If I click "Reload Current Page" the page will appear for about 2 seconds (and it appears to be complete) before the reload blanks the page and starts trying to load the page again.  Obviously the page is in cache but is not displayed.

Sometimes the page will load and appear to be complete, but the revolving arrows on the tabs menu indicate the page is still loading.  After 15 seconds or so, all network communications will cease, but FireFox indicates the page is still loading.  In this case, if I click "Stop Loading" the page is OK.

Sometimes the page will display but some images have stopped loading incomplete.  All network communications will cease, and the revolving arrows on the tabs menu indicate the page is still loading.  In this case, "Reload Current Page" will usually reload the complete page.

FireFox -Safe-Mode does not help (not an extension incompatability).
Same symptoms observed on 4 different computers.  Three different ISPs, Dial-up and DSL.  High speed ISPs seem to behave better than low speed ISPs.

I notice it most on eBay when loading two or more tabs, but the problem is not restricted to eBay.



Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. To best duplicate - Use slow ISP.  
2. Open eBay search and open two or more tabs.
3. When network communications cease the page will be blank (but the page is not finished loading) 
4. Click "Reload Current Page", as soon as the page appears (less than 1 second) quickly click "Stop Loading" (within 2 seconds) to prevent the reload from blanking the page again.


Actual Results:  
Page will not finish loading in a reasonable time.  Network communication cease but the revolving arrows indicate the page is still loading.

Expected Results:  
Page should load and display.

-Safe-Mode does not help.  Observed on multiple computers, multiple ISPs (dial-up and DSL).  This started with FireFox 1.5.0.1.  This is intermittant (75% of the time) on many web sites, but most often seen on eBay.  Most often seen when several tabs are open.   It is obvious the page is in cache just not displayed.  Clicking on Reload will momentarily display the page.