Scrolling is often/usually frozen when another Firefox window is open.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 6.0; Windows NT 5.1; SV1; .NET CLR 1.1.4322)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.0.6) Gecko/20060728 Firefox/1.5.0.6

Very typically when I open, or switch windows to, an html file with Firefox and I already have another Firefox window open, the Firefox window of interest will not scroll unless I first switch to another already-opened window and click on it and then switch back to the window of interest and click on it as well.  After doing all that, the window of interest usually becomes unfrozen and will then scroll as desired.

This is an extremely annoying problem.  So I hope you give it high priority for a fix as compared to the "vast" number of other bugs you have listed.

I have lots and lots of html files on my computer and Firefox is the only browser that will read many of them.  Moreover, Firefox is my default browser and thus needs to be working much better with the scrolling.


Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. happens very, very frequently, typically when I have several Firefox windows open to several documents (e.g., development manuals) and/or downloaded e-mail (html) files, ...

Actual Results:  
...  but I just tried to reproduce the problem with several newly opened files and the problem did not happen.  So my guess is that it might have some sort of time-delay (as if some kind of "time-out" for enabled scrolling).  I often have several windows open for long periods of time and often even through hibernation, which, incidentally, and surprisingly often, seems to have various, usually minor, effects on already-opened windows.


Expected Results:  
See above.  Unfortunately, it appears even the problem will not show up reliably, at least with newly opened windows (i.e., fresh restart of Firefox).

I usually use up and down arrow keys to scroll (when scrolling works) and then I resort to using the scroll bars if the up and down keys don't work for scrolling (typically for other programs which seem to have special scrolling peculiarities of their own), but for Firefox, I don't recall that the scroll bars ever worked when this multi-Firefox-window freeze occurs when first trying the up and down keys, unless I go through the steps mentioned above to switch to another Firefox window and click on it and then switch back to the window I want to scroll.