Problems Copying and Pasting in Web Based E-mails
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.0.6) Gecko/20060728 Firefox/1.5.0.6
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.0.6) Gecko/20060728 Firefox/1.5.0.6

Unable to Copy and Paste Text from Word or Clipboard to and inside Mozilla FireFox, logged into Yahoo, or other Web Based e-mail, and Message Boards.
Tested problem on several different Sites, Problem is repeatable. Most often occurs in Yahoo e-mail. Can not Copy and Paste ANYTHING.

Using IE have no problems Copying and pasting anything in the same E-mail sites, and message boards.
Thought it might be a Bug loaded into Cookies, but I cleared everything a couple times, and problems still exist. 
But only with Firefox, no other Browser. Re-installed Firefox, problems still exist. Also Firefox has problems using Adobe ANYTHING. Flash, or otherwise. It just locks up and won't work. Can use some Adobe stuff, but none of it seems to work right using Firefox. 


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Use Firefox browser
2.Log in to Yahoo e-mail
3.Try to Copy and Paste Text- It won't work. Paste option is not available.

Actual Results:  
Shit doesn't work right, THAT's the results.

Expected Results:  
I expect your shit to WORK! In ALL Situations. You spend thousands of Dollars going to College, act like you're so smart, then you make shit that doesn't Work?
Is your soul purpose in life just to cause everyone Problems? 
I like how you make everyone read through an Entire encyclopedia of FAQs of all of the Screw ups you guys created before anyone can even Contact you about something. Shows how much you actually give a shit about solving problems. 
Nice Work.

I used Firefox a lot before giving you any feed back on it. I actually liked it for a while, because it didn't crash as much as IE. But then I found out that I couldn't copy and paste. At first I thought it was a problem with Yahoo. Then I found out the Problem was my selection of Browsers. I wasn't too happy when I realized I was choosing to use an inferior product. 
Another fine example of what can be produced by our College Graduate Geniuses, and all the problems they create for all of us. 
Thanks Guys.