Selecting a particular window from the "Window" menu may not bring that window to the front
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8.1b2) Gecko/20060821 BonEcho/2.0b2
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8.1b2) Gecko/20060821 BonEcho/2.0b2

I have 8 windows open including the download window and am well into a complex session where I alternate between Bon Echo and BBEdit while developing a web page. The sixth window down in the Window menu list (which is just below the Downloads window in the list) will not come to the front when I select it in the Window menu. Nothing happens other than the drop-down menu disappears. This is repeatable on my system. Each of the windows has multiple tabs open.  Bon Echo has been running for days except for the updates, the most recent of which was this morning, so I don't know if the problem is carried over from one session to the next when Bon Echo updates.  I have encountered this problem previously. As always, I cannot guarantee that this problem is not specific to my system nor that it is unique since I have not scanned all the bug descriptions.  I have all the latest Mac OS 10.4 updates and routinely repair the disk permissions.

BTW, very pleased with the new version - it works much more efficiently with memory.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open 7 windows, each with several tabs, all with live web pages, some local.
The windows may or may not be minimized.
2. Download several files so that the download list is "full"
3. Click on the Window drop-down menu and select the windows from top to bottom.
4. Note whether or not the window is brought to the front.

Actual Results:  
At least one of the windows will not come to the front.

Expected Results:  
The window selected from the Window drop-down menu should come to the front.

The window that would not come to the front can be selected and brought to the front "manually" by clicking on an exposed edge or corner.  The flag to prompt the user when closing a multiply tabbed window is set.  If this bug is known, then it is probably old and of low priority since I could not find it by keyword search.