gif image using the https protocol causes liveperson.net chat window to hang
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.0.6) Gecko/20060728 Firefox/1.5.0.6
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.0.6) Gecko/20060728 Firefox/1.5.0.6

When loading live chat from my company's website, customers get the pre-chat survey.  Once completed and submit is pressed, they're brought to the chat window (an https applet), given a message with the approximate wait until an operator will be available.  On the right side of the chat window is a small section where the image above should display.  In all versions of firefox from present back to 1.0, trying to load that image causes the chat window to stall or hang.  They don't receive any messages from the chat operator and can't submit any messages.  Loading the image using http works but, you'll get a message to the effect "some elements on this page are not secure, do you want to load the non-secure elements?".  In IE, either image loads without issue, the same if I use firefox and switch the rendering engine to IE, the image loads just fine and chat is functional.

I have seen a very few occassions where a user in Firefox has been able to get into chat.  However, we're talking a ratio in the neighborhood of 1:500 and I've never been able to successfully get into chat using firefox, and I've tried all releases.



Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Load https://me.investortoolbox.com/livechat/chat_window_on.gif into the address bar and press enter/click Go.
2. Load http://me.investortoolbox.com/livechat/chat_window_on.gif into the address bar and press enter/click Go.
3. Repeat steps 1 & 2 in Internet Explorer.

Actual Results:  
The https image won't load and it renders the chat session inoperative.

Expected Results:  
The image should load and the chat session should be fully functional.

Should someone like to contact Liveperson.net about this bug, you can reference ticket number LTK11010334627X for any additional information this submission does not cover.