having most problems on myspace - crashes, hangs, java says runtime error
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.0.6) Gecko/20060728 Firefox/1.5.0.6
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.0.6) Gecko/20060728 Firefox/1.5.0.6

constant crashing of firefox when on this network...recent crashes are from CFML server cold fusion from adobe macromedia update 8 for java says runtime error. voiced problem with myspace.com but this is not all. firefox has had to be reinstalled once already due to visits to this website. window hangs and I have talkback installed as ext. this is not working for me anymore. crash recovery seems to not be working well either. I get constant hangs of firefox. proxy server problems where it says cannot read the page due to proxy settings. so I installed the foxy proxy will see how it handles now. I really enjoy my firefox since I installed this browser hardly use IE anymore. seems to me the majority of the problem is coming from myspace.com but they wont admit it. myspace sucks I know but I have an account with my poetry on it. trying to get published. 
I am disabled and communicate with many friends. should this continue to be a major problem guess I will have to leave there. however should be something someone can do. they cannot run the network from their end. firefox has many work arounds. isnt there a way to be a safer browser without them controlling my internet abilities? is this a java update interference ? I checked my java settings and they are ok read on the internet how to do that. proxy is set for configure properly with firefox. I dont understand this. I have no adware or spyware that I am aware of. I clean my system with adaware. running avg anti virus system. microsoft malicious software tool windows defender. etc. seems someone is messing around though sometimes in my system like they have control over my browser activities and I can hardly type a letter in an email when sending messages when on myspace server. I dont have this problem in hotmail or anywhere else. now sometimes I cannot close firefox. when on other url pages and 
seems the browser hangs. does not want to disconnect. then will have to use the task manager. other than this I dont know how to further explain my problem.
thank you.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.when crash occurs
2.talkback should kick in
3.and a report should be filed with you

Actual Results:  
talkback files the report and alerts you of the problem and what happened on the browser and what the instability was

Expected Results:  
we discover the problem and find an answer the to issue

performed its function?