Windows Media Videos take too long to load in Firefox - Firefox seems to be downloading the file at the same time as Windows Media Player is Streaming it
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.8.0.6) Gecko/20060728 Firefox/1.5.0.6
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.8.0.6) Gecko/20060728 Firefox/1.5.0.6

When watching any Windows Media Video file at www.break.com, the videos take too long to start playing in Firefox, whereas in Internet Explorer they load immediately.

My Internet Connection is a 512 kbps DSL connection, and the videos are at a bitrate of 416kbps.

To investigate the problem, I performed the following tests.  In all cases, no other program was using the Internet at the same time, and the Temporary Internet Files (Cache) were cleared.

a) Using Firefox:

1) When accessing the above video, I opened the Statistics menu of Windows Media Player (Right mouse click -> Statistics), and the Windows Task Manager Networking Statistics (accessed thourhg Ctrl+Alt+Delete).
2) The "Bandwidth in Use" Field in WMP fluctuated between 100-300 kbps throughout the process.  The Windows Task Manager Local Area Connection Graph, however, showed a constant line at about 450kbps.  At the Status Bar at the bottom, Firefox said "Transferring data from media1.break.com..." until about the time that the "Bandwidth in Use" fell to 0, indicating that streaming had finised.

b) Using Firefox again:

Repeated steps 1-2 above.  Then, before the video started playing, I clicked the "Stop" button on the Firefox address bar (not in the Windows Media Player Menu).  The video started playing almost immediately.  The "Bandwidth in Use" shown in WMP statistics shot upto 440 kbps, were it stayed constant.  The Local Area Connection graph in Windows Task Manager still showed a constant line at about 450kbps.

c) Using Internet Explorer:

1) Repeated Step 1) in Section a).
2) Very quickly, the "Bandwidth in Use" in WMP Statistics shot to 440kbps, were it stayed constant.  Windows Task Manager showed a constant line at about 450kbps.  The video started playing almost immediately.  The Status Bar at the bottom said "Done".

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. CRUCIAL: Use a 512 kbps connection, or a program like Netlimiter to limit your download speed. 
2. Preferably use Windows XP Home Edition SP2, Firefox 1.5.0.6, and Windows Media Player 10, and Internet Explorer 6.
3. Using Firefox, go to www.break.com and try to play a video.  Long videos like http://www.break.com/index/ferrari_street_race.html illustrate the problem better
4. Repeat above step with Internet Explorer and compare the time it takes for the video to start playing.
5. In both browsers have the Windows Media Player Statistics opened, as well the Windows Task Manager Networking Statistics, to compare the bandwidth you use in total and the bandwidth WMP actually uses.
Actual Results:  
In Firefox, the videos take several seconds, or even minutes, to start playing.

Expected Results:  
The videos should have started playing almost immediately (say in less than 10 seconds), like it happens in Internet Explorer.

I think the problem might be that Firefox downloads the .wmv file at the same time as Windows Media Player is streaming it.

Notice that:
1) Firefox says "Transferring data from media1.break.com..." whereas Internet Explorer says "Done" while streaming.
2) Hitting the "Stop" button in Firefox fixes the issue.
3) With both browsers, Windows Task Manager shows a constant network use of about 450kbps, but in Firefox WMP only sees about 100-300kbps.