Reply to group message vanishes when I hit the reply button
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1) Gecko/20061010 Firefox/2.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1) Gecko/20061010 Firefox/2.0

In various Yahoo groups that I belong to, when I reply to messages in either standard mode or the beta reply mode, the text vanishes when I press the <Submit> button.  This seems to happen with long replies.  This has not occurred with the reply to an email or digest, which takes me into the group and the message, but only when I am logged on and actually looking in the group and the messages.

My work around is to highlight and copy the message, then if it vanishes and my reply is empty, go back and paste the message and try again.

Yahoo knows that there is a problem but can't know what the problem is because they have added a warning that the message is empty and the error page asks if I still want to post the message.   They would not have done this if it had not become a larger problem.

I have been using the two initialed browser from the two initial company for my group messages for the past three days off, alternating with Firefox and have not had the problem with that browser, just Firefox.

This happens approximately 60%-75% of the time.

I listed it as major because this will cause most Yahoo Groups users to change browsers.  I do not know if this happens with Google or MSN or other Group bulletin boards. 

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Log on to a Yahoo Group
2. Press Reply to reply to a message and type a reply in.  Beta does not matter. Length may as long replies seem to have the problem or I may usually write longer replies.
3.  Press the Submit button  

Actual Results:  
An error message window pops up saying that the message is blank and do I still want to send it <yes> <no>

Expected Results:  
The message to be posted

Somehow Mozilla is clearing out the message text instead of sending it.