Gnome-settings-daemon stop & restart hangs Firefox
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.8.0.8) Gecko/20061112 Firefox/1.5.0.8
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.8.0.8) Gecko/20061112 Firefox/1.5.0.8

Stopping and/or starting the gnome-settings-daemon will send Firefox into an infinite loop, particularly if Firefox is active with many threads (tabs?) opened.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Start Firefox with lots of threads (either resume a large session or create one with lots of windows and/or tabs). [Hundreds may be required -- use all the URLs from the first few pages of digg or google query results.]
2.Kill the gnome-settings-daemon. See note 1.
3.Restart the gnome-settings-daemon. See note 2.

Notes
1. Something like "ps -o pid,uid,cmd -C gnome-settings-daemon" should give a list of gnome-settings-daemon process IDs.  Kill the one associated with the running firefox (presumably the same uid).
2. Under gentoo this is /usr/libexec/gnome-settings-daemon but it may have a different location under other Linux variants.


Actual Results:  
Firefox hangs (windows can be minimized but will not display anything other than an outline when they are opened again).  Using the "gnome-system-monitor" or "top" commands it can be seen that Firefox CPU usage has gone to 70-80% of total CPU usage.  It stays there  (many many minutes, perhaps forever) making the system slower for other processes & users.  It seems to require killing and restarting firefox to resolve the problem.

Expected Results:  
Firefox should either (a) ignore the loss of the gnome settings (fonts, language, etc.) or (b) adapt to them without hogging the cpu or hanging.  Minimally whatever  window(s) and/or (tabs) active on the screen should get top CPU priority and over any minimized windows.  I should not be staring at a window outline with nothing in it.  Firefox has a real problem as more CPU time demands are made by various extensions that it is going to have to prioritize the threads (changing the font in the 23tab of my 41st window that I haven't looked at in 3 days which is in a minimized window doesn't deserve top billing compared to the tab in the window in front of my face). There will still be hundreds of millions of non 8-core processors in the world in 2008 you know...

It seems repeatable.  It looks like there is a critical race condition or locking problem as libraries involved include libnecko.so, libgklayout.so, libwidget_gtk2.so, libdocshell.so, libtoolkitcomps.so, etc.  A number of threads appear to be involved in thread locking and/or thread I/O (but I'm not an expert at interpreting the traces).

If the problem happens to be that applying font changes to all of the objects in a large number of open windows would take hours (it takes 10 to 20 minutes to restart a Firefox session with hundreds of open tabs), then there should be an environment variable or switch option that forces Firefox to ignore font, language, etc. changes so the accidental death of the gnome-settings-daemon isn't a problem.

Gentoo will be transitioning from Gnome 2.14 to 2.16 soon and if my experience is an example problems with the gnome-settings-daemon are quite possible so more users are likely to encounter this problem if they are running Firefox when stopping or starting the gnome-settings-daemon.