Endlessly repeated/neglected ‘Ask Me Every Time’ personal certificate preference option
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; sv-SE; rv:1.8.1.1) Gecko/20061204 Firefox/2.0.0.1
Build Identifier: FF 2.0.0.1 Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; sv-SE; rv: 1.8.1.1) Gecko/20061204 

Visiting a website requiring digital signature, FF prompts to enter the password 4 times before the installed certificates are presented. If I accept the proposed one, then I’m prompted to enter the password 4 more times before the installed certificates are presented again. This procedure is repeated endlessly. 

If I reject the proposed certificate and select another one, the selection is neglected: the rejected certificate is presented again after 4 repeated prompts for the password. As before, there is an iterative procedure and an endless loop.

The only remedy to stop the loop is to close down FF.


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Acquire 1-2 personal certificates usable as digital signature for 2 persons.
2.Log in to a website requiring the use of digital signature.
3.Carry out a task where the user's identity is established by a personal certificate.
4.Carry out a task where the performance is accomplished by a digital signature.
Actual Results:  
Endless loop of repeated prompts for password and presentation of stored certificates

Expected Results:  
1. A single mandatory prompt for the certificate password per certificate.
2. A single optional prompt for the master password per session/application/or   never according to the user’s specification.
3. The option ‘Select one automatically’ should enable FF to select the appropriate part of the right two-parted certificate, preferably also in a multiple certificate and/or multi-user environment.
4. After the selection of appropriate certificate and checking its validity return to the main program.


The certificate issuing authority offers the possibility of checking the validity of their certificates. After control of the hardware and software, the test program lists the holders of installed certificates and asks you to select a holder. Then the program prompts for the password three times, occasionally twice. Then the stored certificates of the selected holder are shown and you are asked to select one. The program prompts for the password and the state of certificate is reported. Finally, the program prompts for the password and the authenticity of the signature is reported.

The stand-alone ‘Show Certificates’ option (Preferences-> Advanced-> Encryption-> Certificates) prompts twice for the password.

As I remember, version 1.0.7 worked apparently flawless with complete control: setting the option ‘Select one automatically’ the correct part of multiple two-parted certificates was selected in a multiple certificate and multi-user environment. In version 1.5.x it was necessary to set the option ‘Ask Every Time’ to be able to choose the appropriate part of the certificate under the same conditions. The issues described above became manifest with version 2.0.

To use digital signature at the above sites it is required that a specially appointed authority had issued the certificate and that the holder has a Swedish Personal Identity Number.
 
The problem is probably related to earlier reported bugs #322617, #313908, #309859, #300375 and #149673.