Failure to load a web shortcut if Firefox is not already running
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.2) Gecko/20070208 Firefox/2.0.0.2

With Firefox 2.0.0.2 RC1 installed and Firefox set as the default browser, a Windows error message of the form: "Windows cannot find '[INSERT URL HERE]'. Make sure you typed the name correctly, and then try again.  To search for a file, click the Start button, and then click Search." will appear if you launch a web shortcut when Firefox is not running.

Immediately following the error message, Firefox loads, but without loading the page in the shortcut.  For instance, if you had Firefox configured to restore your session, all your windows and tabs will be restore sans the shortcut you clicked.

Interestingly, I do not experience this same problem on my works system, on which I have also installed 2.0.0.2 RC1.  The one significant difference between the two systems, amongst many, is that the system exhibiting problems (my home system) has IE 7 installed also.  Therefore, IE 7 might need to be present.

I do not recall seeing this problem with 2.0.0.1 and earlier

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Install Firefox 2.0.0.2 RC1 (installer build) on a system with IE 7
2. Ensure Firefox is set as your default browser
3. Create a shortcut (e.g. on your desktop) to a website you know is reachable.
4. Shutdown Firefox and check Task Manager to ensure it's not still running
5. Double-click the web shortcut.  At this point you should get an error message indicating "Windows cannot find '[INSERT URL HERE]'. Make sure you typed the name correctly, and then try again.  To search for a file, click the Start button, and then click Search."  Firefox should launch there after, absent the URL from your shortcut
6. Now that Firefox is loaded, again double-click your shortcut and notice that the page loads without complaint.

Actual Results:  
As described.


Expected Results:  
Double-clicking the shortcut, when Firefox is not running, should result in the associated URL loading without further intervention.


This is what I experience using Firefox for the en-us locale, on Win XP.  Another user, with the de locale on Win XP, reports something slightly different here: http://forums.mozillazine.org/viewtopic.php?p=2743729#2743729