URL/location bar autocomplete slowness (sqlite database doesn't seem to be cached)
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.9a3pre) Gecko/20070223 Minefield/3.0a3pre
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.9a3pre) Gecko/20070223 Minefield/3.0a3pre

(Not sure if this is a bug or expected behaviour... but it's a mixed bag in the upgrade from 2.0 to 3.0alpha)

I have a fairly large history(~60MB places.sqlite), in fx2.0 and earlier the history feature was pretty much unusable(too slow , too much memory) due to the large size. But the URL auto-completion in the address/location field worked fine with a pause of maybe a couple of seconds(which was acceptable for the volume of data).

In Fx3.0 thanks to sqlite , the history feature (Ctrl-H) is finally usuable, (a LOT faster than before)

But the URL autocompletion has slowed down like crazy, the UI freezes for many seconds (20-30 seconds on average sometimes as high as a minute.) after I type the first letter. During which time there is plenty of disk activity(a constant read of ~600kb/sec) and minimal CPU activity.

Trying to go to a URL started with a different letter immediately after this results in a similiar amount of delay.

I have plenty of free RAM but the sqlite database doesn't seem to be cached. And is being read from disk again even though it hasn't been modified.

But the latest query results seem to be cached and typing the same character again shows up the auto-complete options almost instantly.

Similarly for the history too , hitting Ctrl-H ...results in the database being read from disk .. and then high CPU activity while the history tree is being generated.

Closing the history sidebar and immediately hitting Ctrl-H a second time, results in data being read from disk once again and then high CPU load as the history tree is generated again.


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Start with a large history file (places.sqlite > 60MB)
2. hit the first letter to a URL, (say "p")
3. (long pause while auto-complete information is being retreived, UI freezes/browser is unresponsive, constant disk activity around 600kb/sec)

-- continuing on--

4. Do not go to any site, instead clear the typed letter "p" and change it to "s"
5. (another long pause and UI freezes while auto-complete information is being retreived, similiar disk activity as in step 3)

(Note in all this while there has been no browsing so places.sqlite is unchanged)

6. clear the location bar and and type the original character in step 2 (ie, "p")
7. auto complete options show up instantly.
Actual Results:  
UI freezes in steps 3 and 5 

Expected Results:  
1. UI shouldn't freeze while waiting for auto-complete.
2. Autocomplete should be instantaneous atleast after the history database has been read once. History database shouldn't have to be read 26 times for each starting letter.