textbox.focus() causes Up, Down, Page Up, Page Down, Home and End keys to not function on other sites.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.3) Gecko/20070309 Firefox/2.0.0.3
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.3) Gecko/20070309 Firefox/2.0.0.3

Happens with: Firefox 2.0.0.2 and 2.0.0.3
Does not happen with: Firefox 2.0.0.1 and previous version
Installation: Clean
Profile: New
Extensions: None

The problem IS definitely caused by the way Google has the cursor automatically inserted into the text box. The Google Firefox start page is default in Firefox. After starting the browser and visiting any site after, the navigation keys do not work at all. Visiting Google from your bookmarks has the same result, so it does not have to be set as the default start page to reproduce this, but it must be in the bookmarks.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Add www.google.com to your bookmarks
2. Add www.broadbandreports.com to your bookmarks
(Note: The addresses must be added to bookmarks; typing in location/address bar will fail to reproduce this issue)
3. Close Firefox
4. Start Firefox
5. Click on www.google.com from your bookmarks
6. DO NOT type in the Google search box or click anywhere
7. Click on www.broadbandreports.com from your bookmarks
8. Try Up, Down, Page Up, Page Down, Home and End keys

This would also be reproducible by having Google (or Firefox start page) as your default start page. Start the browser, then simply click on Broadband Reports in the bookmarks and this will also reproduce just the same. It does not have to be Broadband Reports site either, it can be ANY site that has the vertical scroll bar.
Actual Results:  
The navigation keys mentioned above do not work on any other site.

Expected Results:  
The navigation keys should still work. The Google text box somehow steals focus. This has always worked perfectly with Firefox 2.0.0.1 and previous versions, but has not worked since 2.0.0.2.

- The Google text box somehow steals focus. Typically when focus has been taken this way, you would be able to click on the background of the web page to bring focus back and allow the navigation keys to work as per normal. However, that is not the case with this. The only work-around is to click in the text box, then click on the background or by typing something into the text box.

- Another work-around in this scenario is by going to Google, then to Broadband Reports and clicking in the Username, Password or Search box at the top of their site, then clicking on the background of the site. The keys will then start working again.

- This is definitely an issue caused by Google's automatic insertion of the cursor into their search text box.