Windows looking locally (and not finding) .URL files after firefox automatic update
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; es-ES; rv:1.8.1.3) Gecko/20070309 Firefox/2.0.0.3
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; es-ES; rv:1.8.1.3) Gecko/20070309 Firefox/2.0.0.3

I use several .url files on my desktop to open commonly used web pages in my company. we have 3 computers in our small office, 2 of which use winxp pro and the third one home edition. these have never caused a problem until today. 

Directly after a firefox automatic update to the most current version this morning, on all three computers when clicking on any of these links (or new ones to random web pages like google.com). Windows displays a nasty error message saying that the file being accessed by the shortcut was not found on the local computer and to find the file I should use the windows Search box. Perplexingly, next it opens firefox and the page being called by the .url file.

nothing else has changed on these computers (no windows automatic updates since these I do manually and haven't today. This is why I think it has to do with the firefox update...is there logic to this? I read in one of the other bugs that they were working on a parser for .url files, maybe a bug here?

We were able to directly see the change here since the update happened mid morning and were accessing these shortcuts before and after. Again the update is the only change that could have happened on the three computers this morning, all of which display the symptoms.

thanks. 

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.create a bookmark in firefox
2.drag it from the bookmarks menu in firefox to the windows desktop
3.double-click on it.
Actual Results:  
an error message is displayed by windows saying the file was not found on the local computer and to try searcing for it using the windows Search box.
Then the webpage linked to in the .url file clicked on is launched correctly in firefox.

Expected Results:  
the webpage is launched correctly in firefox without the preceding windows error.

nothing has changed on these computers except the firefox update. these links worked correctly before the update and now work incorrectly after the update.