Bookmarks fuctionality gets worse with each new release.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8.1.3) Gecko/20070309 Firefox/2.0.0.3
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8.1.3) Gecko/20070309 Firefox/2.0.0.3

I use a large (about 1 Megbyte) bookmarks file, and once a week I delete nearly everythign from the Mac file and replace it with the bookmarks.html file from my WIn 2K PC at work. The PC version works *much* better than the Mac version (Oh, the shame!).  

FIRST BUG:  In the latest Mac version, moving things in the bookmarks file does not show unless I close and re-open the bookmarks window. This is new as of the latest version.

SECOND BUG:  Also, for several releases now, to open my "organize bookmarks" window on the Mac, I must minimize the browser window before I click on "organize bookmarks".  The browser will then be useless for several minutes. After it recovers, it is then possible to click on "organize bookmarks" and get an open window. The reson for minimizing the browser window first is that it won't clear the screen while the bookmarks window process is ongoing, although the Mac otherwise works OK during this time.

In the previous release of Firefox 2, the "Organize..." window would at first open with only part of the bookmarks available, but would fill out the rest in a  few seconds. You still had to do the initial several minute opening rigmarole.

The Mac is running OS 10.4.8, has 896 Megs RAM and a 120 G disc with plenty of available space. Machine is a 466 MHz Digital Audio G4 tower case with 1.2G processor upgrade, and otherwise works just fine.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.With 1 Meg bookmarks file, click on "Organize Bookmarks.  You'll get the spinning color wheel for several minutes, and be unable to close or minimize the browser window.
2. Try again! Bookmarks window will now open
3.


Expected Results:  
Opened with "organize booksmakrks" window within a few seconds, and not diabled the ability to minimize the browser window in the meantime.