Incorrect passwords puts me into an endless GET request/401 response loop
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.8.1.3) Gecko/20070309 Firefox/2.0.0.3
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.8.1.3) Gecko/20070309 Firefox/2.0.0.3

if i enter a password slightly incorrectly the first time then completely incorrect the second time, the browser goes into an endless loop where it will keep requesting the page even though it receives a 401 and it does not prompt me to reenter the password.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
I'm attempting to login to phpMyAdmin. to give an example, lets say my login name is test and my password is "firefoxtest".when I first attempt to login, i enter the correct login name but i enter the password as "firefoxtext". as expected, it gives me another 401 request and prompts me again. if on the second attempt to login i enter some completely wrong password (ie: "balbalbalba"), the browser will go into an endless loop requesting the page with the server returning to me a 401. it does all this without ever asking me to enter a password again. i've checked this by looking at the acccess_logs in my apache server and using wireshark on the local machine to confirm it. it appears to display this type of behaviour if the first attempt at a password matches the first 8 characters and all subsequent characters are wrong. the second attempt at entering a passsword doesn't matter what it is as long as it doesn't match at all. if i match the first 7 characters of the password or less on the first login attempt then enter a totally incorrect password the second time, it won't go into the endless loop
Actual Results:  
it goes into an endless loop

Expected Results:  
it should prompt me for a password again

this happens on my linux box and my windows box. i can only stop this by closing the browser or clicking on the stop button. if i stop it by clicking on the stop button then attempting to go to the same url again, it will go into the endless loop immediately, this time, without even prompting me for a password.