Firefox randomly steals focus from other Windows applications
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Win98; en-US; rv:1.8.1.3) Gecko/20070309 Firefox/2.0.0.3
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Win98; en-US; rv:1.8.1.3) Gecko/20070309 Firefox/2.0.0.3

If the Firefox application is in the background and another Windows application is in the foreground, Firefox will steal the focus from the other running application and move its window to the foreground.  This seems to happen under 2 conditions:

Condition 1:  If the web page open in the Firefox window has a "meta http-equiv=refresh" tag, then Firefox will steal the focus from the other application whe it refreshes the page.  Note that this will happen even if the refreshing page is not the currently-displayed tab.  

Condition 2:  If *ANY* web page is open in a Firefox window, even if that page has no auto-refresh, no scripts and no applets, Firefox will still grab the focus and move its window to the foreground on top of the other running Windows applications.  This seems to happen at random, and usually happens within 10-60 seconds of switching to the other application.  It is not consistently repeatable, but appears to happen about 80% of the time (note that Conditon 1 above is 100% consistently repeatable).


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Launch Firefox
2. Open URL: http://www.radio-locator.com/testfirefox.html
3. Launch another Windows application or switch to another Windows application running in the background
4. Wait 10-60 seconds (or attempt to do work in that other application)

Actual Results:  
The other Windows application gets moved to the background and loses focus.  The firefox window gets moved to the foreground.

Expected Results:  
Firefox should not do anything if it's in the background, right?

I've seen this happen with several different Windows applications including MS Word, MSIE 7, and Putty.  It's particularly frustrating if I'm typing in another app and my window suddenly gets moved to the background.

My system is running Windows XP Professional Service Pack 2.

Note that this also occurs when running firefox in safe mode.