MailChimp problem
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8.1.3) Gecko/20070329 BonEcho/2.0.0.3
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8.1.3) Gecko/20070329 BonEcho/2.0.0.3

I am trying to use MailChimp for a direct mail campaign. www.mailchimp.com
The company said (after I sent them  my hardware platform, OS and Firefox 5.0 info, that they are having trouble with the 5.0 version of Mozilla and that I should go back to the 1.5 version. At each step of the campaign build, there is a function that allows you to "save for later." This enables you to save whatever you added to that section for later (obviously). Then at the end there is another function that enables you to "Save a Draft," which means you can save all of what you did for later. It took so long in each of the sections to save for later and then at the end Save a Draft that my computer timed out. I was told by the techs at MailChimp that this was an issue with Firefox 5.0 and that if I went back to an earlier version of Firefox (1.5) then this would work properly. I cannot find a download for an earlier version so this renders me useless to work on a design project since none of the browsers I have (Safari only works to a point), Internet Explorer or Opera works. Pretty lame software development if you ask me...Great idea but lame development. So, can you help me either find Firefox 1.5 download or work with the techs at MailChimp to figure out what the problem is with the browser vs. their software?

Thanks much,
Kate
katec4@hotmail.com

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Sign on to www.mailchimp.com to do a campaign
2.add content or graphics to the campaign build sections and then try and save for later and see if what you added is saved.
3.and/or add content/graphics to all the sections, then at the end Save a Draft then see if the loading takes so long for each step that your computer times out.
Actual Results:  
my computer timed out at the various steps and didn't save the content and graphics I had uploaded.

Expected Results:  
Save the content/graphics at each step of the campaign and then saved all the I added in the Save the Draft area.

I don't know if this is the right area to complain about this issue, but since MailChimp is solidly putting the blame on Firefox 5.0 vs. their own programs, I thought I should let you know.
Thank you!