display:none does not hide the table row; instead inserts whitespace.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.5) Gecko/20070713 Firefox/2.0.0.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.5) Gecko/20070713 Firefox/2.0.0.5

I have a simple javascript function that just toggles a table row for display:none and display:block. I find that this behaves very abnormally but works perfectly OK in Internet explorer, Opera and other popular browsers.I first used this script on input type=image element. But then I tried with TR element too but results are same. I tried setting the display property to 'none', 'table-row','block', '', but results are same; I don't get the desired result. 
As a result of repeated clicks, the table row keeps expanding to double it's height each time.
The javascript function goes as follows:
    function ToggleDisplay(){
        var obj = document.getElementById('collapsibleTR');
        obj.style.display = (obj.style.display != 'none') ? 'none' : '';
        return false;
    }

If anyone else has faced the same problem before or knows of any workaround, please respond.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Create a html page with the ToggleDisplay() function  mentioned below.
    function ToggleDisplay(){
        var obj = document.getElementById('collapsibleTR');
        obj.style.display = (obj.style.display != 'none') ? 'none' : '';
        return false;
    }

2. Call this function on some event to expand/collapse a table row. You should name that table-row id=collapsibleTR to use the above function as it is or modify the function appropriately.
3. Invoke the function (preferably by clicking the appropriate control which will call this javascript).
4. Invoke this function about 9-10 times and observe the results.

Actual Results:  
Observe that when display='none' is set it just hides the contents but does not collapse the table. There is whitespace in the empty area.
After that when display='block' or display='' or display='table-row' is set, the whitespaces don't go away and the height of the table row is double instead.  

Expected Results:  
I'm not a programming or javascript expert. But certainly, it is told no where to double the table-row height. I believe that the real problem is with the display='none' part as the other things would be taken care of automatically once this is fixed.

The cursor:hand also does not work for table row. These work perfectly OK in Internet Explorer and other popular browsers.