"page info" -> "permissions" fails to set "allow" exception for cookies
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9a8pre) Gecko/2007090504 Minefield/3.0a8pre
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9a8pre) Gecko/2007090504 Minefield/3.0a8pre

I white-list my sites that can set cookies, and I was hoping to start using the "page info" -> permissions dialog, since all my normal cookie management add ons are busted on trunk (and disabled) for the time being.


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. In the options dialog,  "accept cookies from sites" is unchecked
2. Go to a site that sets a cookie
3. right click -> page info
4.  select "permissions" tab
5. uncheck "use default"
6. click on "Allow"
7. close the "page info" dialog
8. open the "page info"->"permissions" dialog again

Actual Results:  
The permissions dialog shows "use default" is still unchecked, but "block" is selected instead of "allow".  If you open up the cookie exceptions dialog from Tools->Options, you will see that a meaningless "Block" exception has been created.

just for the record, if an "allow" exception is created through Tools->Options->privacy->"exceptions...", ((close "options" window, copy/paste the domain name) or (re-type the domain name)), and click "allow", then going back into the "page info"->"permissions" window will show the correct "allow" exception.

Expected Results:  
Because cookies are not accepted by default, clicking "Allow" needs to create an exception.  I was almost going to complain that a "Block" exception should never be created in this situation even if "block" was clicked in the "permissions" dialog, but I can imagine some users might switch between a default block and default allow, and have needs for both types of exceptions at different times.  At any rate, clicking "allow" should definitely not create a "block" exception.


This last bit is just my opinion -  anyone whose browsing habits and choices require exceptions to their cookie policy will have to get cookiesafe or some other add-on to use instead of all this, anyway.   I can only imagine the type of people who have 0 exceptions and people who have many exceptions.  The Tools->Options->Privacy->"Exceptions..." method and "Page info"->"Permissions" interface are unrealistically cumbersome for regular use, unless there is such thing as a person who will want between 1 and 10 exceptions.