with SWF files, when wmode=transparent, tabs respond to hover, but not click, and won't close
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.4) Gecko/20070515 Firefox/2.0.0.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.4) Gecko/20070515 Firefox/2.0.0.4

I have now been able to reproduce this with three different flash SWFs of various sizes (dimension and file).

When using wmode="transparent" for a SWF file, parts of Firefox become completely unresponsive.  Mouseover still works (tabs are highlighted as I move around, bookmarks and toolbar buttons do as well) but clicks do not register on the tabs themselves.  Clicks on toolbar buttons are fine.

This includes closing the offending tab, as well.  The red X highlights on mouseover, but does not respond on mouse click.

The only way to close the tab is to right-click, wait for a short delay until the context menu appears, then Close Tab that way.  After doing so, the previous attempted clicks happen at once, as if Firefox had been held up and the gates were released.

Removing all Actionscripts and/or modifying the files produced no results.  The only solution was to remove wmode="transparent".

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.  create flash file of any dimensions and complexity
2.  create an HTML page and set wmode="transparent" in the embed and object tags
3.  open a few tabs in firefox to any web pages
4.  open newly created html page in firefox 2.x and try to click any other tab
Actual Results:  
clicking other tabs does nothing.  clicking red X on any tab also does not work.  clicking bookmarks and toolbar buttons work fine.  to close tab (and get firefox to respond again) you must right-click the flash tab and go to "close tab".  all previous clicks were captured and now bubble out at once.

Expected Results:  
allowed me to change tabs, or close tabs, using the normal interface.

was able to reproduce this on four machines, so i do not think it was build specific.