Annoying redraw and flicker effects on pages with Flash contents under LINUX
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686 (x86_64); de; rv:1.8.1.6) Gecko/20070730 SUSE/2.0.0.6-11.1 Firefox/2.0.0.6
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686 (x86_64); de; rv:1.8.1.6) Gecko/20070730 SUSE/2.0.0.6-11.1 Firefox/2.0.0.6

When switching between pages with practically the same layout and contents Firefox (in its Linux version) redraws not only the Flash object area - instead it redraws DIV contents and images as well. 
This leads to very annoying flicker effects; on pages with Flash contents I regard FF under Linux almost unusable - in contrast to Opera (only Linux version) and Konqueror. 

For details see the attachments that I shall create - there you find test files and a test case description.  

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Use a simple page with some Divs and images + a Flash objects. Copy the page and insert into each page a link to the other and vice versa.  
2. Switch between the pages by using the links. 
3. You will experience that not only the flash object is redrawn, but div contents and images, too. 
Actual Results:  
The described "Flicker" effect is not present in the Windows version of FF (at least not as long as you do not move your mouse directly after a link click) .
However, the effect is really massive and annoying for the Linux version. 
See the attachment for a comparison with other browsers!  

Expected Results:  
Smooth transitions between pages with basically the same layout and contents - despite an additional flash object (which also stays the same). The contents remaining constant in the pages should not be redrawn or reloaded! 

Konqueror and Opera behave much better on a Linux (KDE ) desktop - they only redraw the flash object area of a page. Everything else remains flickerfree, i.e. static for these other browsers. 
Surprisingly, Opera for Windows  is as bad as Firefox for Linux and redraws the whole page!
Firefox for Windows does not show the flicker effects - at least not in such a bad manner as the Linux version. 
Taking the examples of Opera and Konqueror for Linux it seems to be possible to improve FF substantially with respect to its handling of HTML pages with Flash contents.