Flash plugin in Firefox only does not appear to use local file references when accessing external swf files
User-Agent:       Opera/9.24 (Windows NT 6.0; U; en)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.8.1.9) Gecko/20071025 Firefox/2.0.0.9 AND latest trunk version of minefield 

Ok, so this is a tough one... here goes.

We have a website called: www.vocabulary.co.il which a bunch of flash based games on it.  The specific game that has been causing us problems was the "Match" game.  This game in particular uses the Flash loadMovieNum command to load external SWF files into the movie.

This game was working fine on all platforms until we tested it on an upgraded Firefox system (2.x and up) with Flash 9.x (not sure on other configurations).  When the Flash was getting stuck on downloading the external SWF files.

After an exhausitive examination we found out that the problem was that we had enabled hot link protection on the site to prevent other sites from referring to our swf files directly without our permission.  Turns out that the Firefox / Flash configuration does not work well with this option enabled.  We found two work arounds:

1. Disable hot link protection or
2. Add our site to the list of sites that are allowed to refer to swf files.

What doesn't make sense to me and what we were chasing for the past 2 weeks is that this issue does not appear to exist in IE 6,7 or Opera with latest versions of Flash.  This leads me to believe that there's something in Firefox that is either incorrectly specifying the URL of the included swf file or something else that I can't get a handle on.

From our point of view, we think we've solved this issue, but I still think that it's a bug that requires attention.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Use loadMovieNum to load a "SWF" file into a level other than 0.
2. Use getTotalBytes to run a loader on the loaded file (just for visual effect).
3. Enable hot link protection on your website through cPanel and do not include your domain in the list.
Actual Results:  
Flash is forever "stuck" on loading the swf file.

Expected Results:  
SWF file should load and Flash should continue working.

The software should have used the correct URL? to access the external SWF files.