Separator names/descriptions are lost when exporting as JSON
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.4; en-US; rv:1.9b1) Gecko/2007110903 Firefox/3.0b1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.4; en-US; rv:1.9b1) Gecko/2007110903 Firefox/3.0b1

When a bookmarks file saved from Firefox 2.x is imported into Firefox 3, all separators silently lose their descriptions.

I have reported the loss of separator names as bug 404983. I have given it minor importace because I am assuming that named separators are meant to be replaced by alternative bookmarks functionality such as the use of folders, tags, and better searching capabilites and that the behaviour is there to stay.

However, when importing bookmark files with an extensive use of named separators, the (silent) deletion of the information contained in the named separators is a major annoyance if Firefox 3 is meant to be encouraged as an upgrade to Firefox 2.

At a minimum, the user should be warned before the import or upgrade that such a loss is about to happen and let him decide on whether it is worth it.

It would be even better to provide a real upgrade path with minimal information loss. For example, named separators might be replaced (with a warning such as the former) by a combination of a folder with than name and an unnamed separator or something similar. Although this won't be to everybody's taste (given that the semantics of a named separator and the following elements vary case by case) at least information loss will be minimized which will help upgrading the layout to according to the new features and limitation(s).

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Save Firefox 2 bookmarks in a file.
2. Import the file to Firefox 3.
Actual Results:  
The import is done silently and named separators irreversibly lose their description.

Expected Results:  
A warning should be shown about potential data loss and preferably a minimally lossy conversion should be offered or applied.

The problem might also show up when upgrading from Firefox 2 to Firefox 3, which would be worse than the importing scenario because:

  * the upgrade will probably be suggested to the user (either as an automatic update or through the media) and

  * the average user will not be aware of having any kind of backup of his original bookmarks layout (I aexpect it to be stored somewhere for a reasonable amount of time).