Context menu displays on all clicks after a certain time
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X; en-US; rv:1.8.1.9) Gecko/20071025 Firefox/2.0.0.9
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X; en-US; rv:1.8.1.9) Gecko/20071025 Firefox/2.0.0.9

I'm really sorry I can't nail down the situation in which this happens, but every now and then in the last couple days, the context menu has started to display on every click (except middle-clicks). I was hoping others are also having the problem to help me track it down, but I couldn't find any similar bugs reported.

I was also having other problems, including keyboard navigation errors in Thunderbird, and an inability to type in the browser. I deleted the Nostalgy plugin (the only plugin I had on TB), and upgraded TB to the most recent version, but I just got the same error.

This most recent time, restarting Firefox resolved the problem, and I wasn't experiencing the Thunderbird problem.

I'll report back if I can get more clues to reproduce the problem.

Reproducible: Couldn't Reproduce

Steps to Reproduce:
1.
2.
3.
Actual Results:  
I've been unable to reproduce the bug, partly because there are so many things I do between FF behaving normally and when I return to it to find it messed up.

I'll be keeping closer attention to narrow down the source of the problem.


I am running OSX 10.4.11 on a 2.16 GHz Intel Core 2 Duo. I have a USB keyboard, with a USB mighty mouse plugged into the keyboard.

FF extensions I have installed (all current) are: ColorZilla, Dictionary Tooltip, DOM Inspector, Duplicate Tab, Flashblock, Forecastfox, Image Zoom, Long Titles, MeasureIt, Slashdotter, Tab No X, Talkback, and X-Ray--none of which I actively use with any significant frequency.

One source of the problem may be that I am running Windows XP pro on Parallels. While in XP, I often have an IE6 or FF browser open to use Windows-only web-based shipping software (Canada Post on Firefox and DHL on IE6). I am unable to reproduce the problem, but that tends to be one of the few things I have done prior to coming back to OSX/FF and finding the error.