an x is shown for kiran font formatting where it should show a plain blank space
User-Agent:       Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 7.0; Windows NT 5.1; (R1 1.5); .NET CLR 1.1.4322; InfoPath.1; .NET CLR 1.0.3705; .NET CLR 2.0.50727)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.3) Gecko/20070309 Firefox/2.0.0.3

Indian language Devnagari Text in kiran.ttf font displays incorrectly in Firefox browser. It shows up english character 'x' among the kiran font formatted text, where a blank space should appear instead. This ends up showing incorrect visualization of Devanagari Text.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
The URL above uses a font called as kiran.ttf from kiranfont.com.

Follow these steps to reproduce the problem:

1. Visit http://www.enetrajyoti.com/marathi/m_instalfont.htm to install the font on a test PC.
2. Visit http://www.enetrajyoti.com/marathi/m_index.htm through FireFox browser
3. Open Internet explorer and open same URL http://www.enetrajyoti.com/marathi/m_index.htm
4. See appearance of english letter x throughout the text which is unintentional and need not show up.

Facts:
1. kiran.ttf is Indian Devnagari language font based on ASCII layout
2. It has a spacing character mapped to character 'x' This means the Glyph for this font is equivalent of a space with different sizing. basically it does not create any printable impression
3. This character is essential to appear the devnagari text correctly.
4. It appears that Firefox has an intelligence built-in that replaces any non-printable character with default font.
5. This causes a problem in User experience reading the Devnagari text.
Actual Results:  
The x is shown up wherever a blank space was to be seen.
Compare this with Internet Explorer or Netscape. It shows the text properly.

Expected Results:  
The english character 'x' should not be shown up in place of the spacing character for Kiran font formatted text. In Kiran font, 'x' character is mapped to a special specing character equivalent of space. It is an important character to see the denagari other characters correctly.

I'm the owner of the kiran font and several hundred users have reported this problem to me. These are common users of Firefox and Kiran font. Since, I cannot fix this problem in my font and this has got a huge impact on Indian Community using devnagari font that is used for prominent Indian languages such as Hindi, Sanskrit and Marathi. This bug has a huge impact and needs to be fixed on priority.

Thank you for your cooperation