make an effort to scroll tabstrip to show new tabs opened in background
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.9b2) Gecko/2007121120 Firefox/3.0b2
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.9b2) Gecko/2007121120 Firefox/3.0b2

(the exact numbers in these repro steps will probably be different depending on how wide your screen is)

First off all, the "sliding TABs animation" is a very good solution to the hidden TABs problem. I have been annoyed about this so many times in ff2. I was amazed and delighted that the devs had also noticed this and introduced this TAB slide animation feature.

Note that the current ff3 behavior I'm describing below doesn't have to be characterized as a bug. It's just that I think that the behavior change I'm suggesting below at the end would improve UX. I'll see if you agree with this or not (I hope you do).

1. Start firefox with a new empty window
2. Press CTRL-T four times so that you have 5 empty tabs (on my screen this fills up the whole screen width)
3. Press CTRL-T another 8 times so you got a total of 13 empty tabs open (on my screen this still only consumes one screenfull of width because the tabs get more arrow and squeeze in there)
4. Press CTRL-T again. this triggers an animation where the existing tabs are slided to the left and the new tab is inserted in the right most position (the tab that was previously left-most becomes hidden but there are arrow-buttons that allow the user to access hidden tabs).
5. (just as a note; if you click a link a IRC program or in thunderbird at this point it switches to firefox, runs the sliding animation while the new tab is inserted)
6. Now, in this right-most empty tab open cnn.com (or some page with links)
7. Right-click any normal web link on the front page and select "open link in new TAB"

At this point the new TAB is created but it's hidden to the right of the right-most TAB. Usually I open links "in a new TAB" because I'm going to be looking at that particular page very soon so I'd actually prefer this behavior:

When "open link in new TAB" is used the slide animation runs so that this new tab becomes visisble-and-clickable but not active (i.e. so I can click it to switch to it fast without using the arrow-buttons to first make that TAB visible and then click it to show that TAB).

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.
2.
3.