Tested Opacity Script does not complete and makes the "Faded-in" Objects unclickable.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; de; rv:1.9b3) Gecko/2008020514 Firefox/3.0b3
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; de; rv:1.9b3) Gecko/2008020514 Firefox/3.0b3

The Script itself (funktion fadR+setOpacity) works fine in FF2 and IE, however in FF3 the script seems to have difficulties. 
The problem also appears in different scripts, here's the page of a friend of mine: http://www.weissfranz.at/?q=fotogalerie&id=5 , just try to click one photo and you'll see, the Image won't fade in totally. 

Furthermore you can't click the a-tag for "schlieﬂen" (it's german for "close"), nor you can't enter a text in the input field in the URL mentioned above (test.php). This is also true for the "save" button

I know, test.php is missing some tags like body, html and is definitively only for testing purposes, but there that's not the problem. 

You after hours of searching solutions, this problem can only be due to a small bug in FF3beta3

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Visit the URL mentioned above
2. Click "FadeIn" and the background will fade out, a table will fade in
3. Try to enter a text in the input field (you won't even be able to click it), FF behaves as if there wasn't anythink to click at. 
4. Now click "Fade out" - the table will be invisible again but you can find it with your mouse now. Try to find it, click in the input field and enter some text.
5. Click "fade in" again, the text will be in the input field, however you still can't edit this field while being visible. 
Actual Results:  
I cried ;-) (sry) - no, you see, you can't edit it, but it is essential for many scripts of mine. 

Expected Results:  
Fade in, enter some text, fade out... 

In case it should work with you, i tested the script with several computers, different Addons. 
Works with: FF2; IE7; IE6; Safari

If you got any questions, don't hesitate to contact me. 

We also discussed the problem at jswelt.de but we couldn't find any bugs in the script itself. 

So thanks for you help and please update :-)