Cannot use bookmarks to open multiple tabs / multiple URIs (multiple URLs separated by "|", pipe, newline; list of URLs)
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; de; rv:1.8.1.12) Gecko/20080201 Firefox/2.0.0.12
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; de; rv:1.8.1.12) Gecko/20080201 Firefox/2.0.0.12

As has been suggested elsewhere (but I couldn't find a bug for this):

"When setting your homepage in Firefox you can separate multiple URLs with | characters and this allows all of the urls to open in separate tabs. It would be really sweet if I could set URLs of bookmarks in the same way. One click on a bookmark could open multiple tabs."
(from http://wiki.mozilla.org/Firefox/Feature_Brainstorming:Bookmarks)

Bug 221445 is similar and has been marked wanted-firefox3+, but it only looks at browser start page URL. It rightly points out problems when pipe character ("|") is used to separate URLs, and proposes a multi-line field with one URL on each line (like IE 8) to open multiple tabs as browser start page(s).

In this RFE, I am asking that not only the start page URL, but the URL of any bookmark should be enabled to handle multiple URLs in the same way. In other words, I have a list of URLs, each of them on a separate line, and the bookmark's URL text field should accept such a list (e.g. when I paste the list into the address field). I can then open my little list of URLs with just a single click on my "list bookmark", and each URL will open in a separate tab.

Apart from the need to parse multiple URLs (same as for multiple start pages), this would require just a small UI change so that the bookmark's text field for entering the URL is multi-line capable.

Maybe when bug 221445 lands, the same concept can be applied to the URL field of bookmarks?


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. When creating a new bookmark, enter multiple URLs (e.g. separated by | or newline) into address/URL field of the bookmark. 
2. Click on bookmark (expecting that URLs will open in multiple tabs, as is the case when entering multiple URLs for browser start page!)

Actual Results:  
Firefox complains that it can't find the URL (the list of URLs is interpreted as a single URL)

Expected Results:  
Firefox should be able to handle multiple URLs in bookmarks, just like it currently does for the start page URL(s). Ideally, multiple URLs will be a plain list with one URL on each line (like bug 221445 proposes). When I click on the bookmark, each URL should open in a separate tab (as simple as that).