"Search Maps" button stops working after initial search on Google Maps
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.8.1.12) Gecko/20080201 Firefox/2.0.0.12
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.8.1.12) Gecko/20080201 Firefox/2.0.0.12

When using Google Maps, I can enter a place name (e.g. Gainesville, FL) and press enter or click the "Search Maps" button.  The website will successfully take me to the place that I wish to see.  However, if I try to get a different map from this new page, it does not work.  If I put a new place name (e.g. Atlanta, GA) into the new text box and then press enter or click the "Search Maps" button, nothing happens.  The function is dead.  This also happens with "Get Directions."  For example, from the initial Google Maps page, searching for directions is successful.  But then attempting a search from any subsequent page does not work.  The "Get Directions" button is non-responsive.  Pressing enter also does not work.  For some reason, the website does not accept new inputs after the initial search.  I can only get it to accept new inputs if I reload the page or open a fresh tab or window.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Go to Google Maps (maps.google.com)
2. Enter a place name in the box (e.g. Los Angeles, CA) and press Enter or click "Search Maps."
3. Success!  The map is visible.  Now, on this new page, enter a new place name in the box (e.g. Boston, MA) and press Enter or click "Search Maps."

Actual Results:  
Failure!  The button is non-responsive and the page has not accepted the new data.  No new map is produced.

Expected Results:  
The page should have accepted my input and responded by presenting a new page with the map I requested.

No themes or extensions installed.
I have a Dell Inspiron 1420 notebook with a Core Duo T5250 1.5GHz processor and 2GB RAM running Windows Vista 32bit.
The error does not occur with IE7.
This error also occurs on some other sites with search functions.  Search bars become unresponsive after the initial input.  However, Google Maps was the first one that I found and is the most annoying since I use it a lot.  The error does NOT occur with a basic Google search.