When I am in AIM Mail (AOL webmail) and I try to open an email it opens a popup window and then the mail is not fully displayed.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.9b4) Gecko/2008030714 Firefox/3.0b4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.9b4) Gecko/2008030714 Firefox/3.0b4

Much of my email provides links to other sites from articles such as from PC Magazine. The window opens only far enough to provide the "Print" link at the right side in the window. When I click that link the mail is then opened in a new tab in Firefox 3 Beta 4. I have tried repeatedly reopening the mail by clicking on the mail link but the result is always the same. I then stumbled on the print link which then worked to open the mail and all the links then work by opebning in new tabs.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Open AIM Mail 
2.Select inbox and click on an email to read it.
3.Wait what seems forever for the popup window to open Firefox 3 Beta 4 is incredibly slow compared with Beta 3 or Firefox 2 (which seems twice as fast.
4. When the message appears to stop loading (after 3-5 minutes -- my connection speed indicates 100MB/sec) I then select "print" because I cannot see any part of the message and there is no option to refresh or reload.
5. The message then opens flawlessly in seconds in a new tab in the browser.
6. I then close the "Print" window and continue with my mail
Actual Results:  
as above

Expected Results:  
I expected that the popup window would open with the email fully displayed.

The popup window appears to hang but there is no way to verify that. It would be useful to include in the popup window the options to reload or refresh the window. I also tried to paste the URL into a new tab in the browser but the same thing happened in the browser window so it may be a problem with PC Magazine (@enews.pcmag.com) and not Firefox. Other mail seems to pen correctly Also many other PC Mag emails opened fine, just incredibly slow). 
I don't know if this is important but I frequently get pop ups indicating that Firefox has stopped working and did I want to close the application. When I select cancel then Firefox continues to work until the next popup saying it has stopped working. I am thinking there may be a glitch between my system and Firefox such as operating system or something else (My memory is over 128 MB and my disk is over 200 GB)