Firefox 3.0pre, esp. gmail, unusable under high window/tab loads
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.9pre) Gecko/2008032910 Firefox/3.0pre
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.9pre) Gecko/2008032910 Firefox/3.0pre

I have a complex Firefox 3.0pre session compiled from CVS, that has been running for over a week.  Currently the sessionstore.js file indicates 84 active windows and 532 active tabs.  I have tried to compose a message in gmail, both in an older window, and after deleting the gmail in that window and creating a gmail in a new window and I get the same result.  I can enter the "To:", "CC:" and "Subject:" fields but in both cases it is impossible to enter any message body text.  Indeed, after switching workspaces and looking at some "top" results and some terminal windows and switching back to the gmail workspace and window, the text from the other workspaces remains in the gmail text entry window (instead of returning to a blank window as it should).

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open up a large firefox session (mine will be provided as an attachment).
2. Leave it running for a week or more (perhaps required to confuse the X server?).
3. Attempt to send a message in gmail.
Actual Results:  
Cannot type in message text field in a gmail window.
Cannot get gmail window to display a blank text field.
Even a new gmail session fails to operate properly.
Firefox log file reveals a number of the classic, still unfixed after several years, "GdkWindow 0x........" unexpectedly destroyed" errors.  These seem to coincide with gmail sometimes springing the classic "untitled windows" (small windows with part of what should be in the gmail window) -- however these usually go away when gmail redraws its screen (something it frequently does).

Expected Results:  
Gmail should be able to compose and send messages as it normally does.
The Firefox log file should not display "GdkWindow ... unexpectedly destoryed" errors and related errors, e.g. "Gdk-CRITICLE **: gdk_window_hide: assertion `GDK_IS_WINDOW (window)' failed".

Attachments will follow.