Bookmark description added to right-click Properties dialog window not copied to Description field in Properties viewer box.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.5; en-US; rv:1.9b5) Gecko/2008032619 Firefox/3.0b5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.5; en-US; rv:1.9b5) Gecko/2008032619 Firefox/3.0b5

In the Bookmarks Library window, there is a Properties Viewer at the bottom of window that, if opened fully, displays the various properties of a bookmark.  These include; Name, Location, Tags, Keyword, and Description.

If you right-click on a bookmark, and select Properties, you are presented with a small dialog window that drops down.  This dialog has the following four fields: Name, Location, Keyword, and Description.

If you right-click a bookmark and enter data into the four fields, then click "Save changes," the information from the four fields is duplicated in the similarly named fields in the Property Viewer, except for the Description field, where nothing appears.  If you click on a different bookmark, then come back to the bookmark you just modified, the Description field now shows the information that had been saved from the drop-down dialog window.

Also, if you modify information in the fields in the Bookmark Properties Viewer, at the bottom of the Bookmarks Library window, it is changed in the drop-down properties window that appears when you right-click the bookmark - except for any modifications you have made to the Description field in the Viewer.  Those changes are discarded.  However, if you make a modification in, let's say, the Keyword field in the Viewer, you immediately see the change in the drop-down properties window, and the changes are saved, even if you do not hit the "Save Changes" button in the drop-down window.  However, none of the functionality works with the Description field.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Select Bookmarks/Organize Bookmarks from Firefox Toolbar.
2.Right-click on any bookmark and select Properties.
3.Modify the Description field and click "Save changes."
4.Go to the Properties Viewer at the bottom of the Bookmarks Library window and click the "more" button, so that the Description field is displayed.
Actual Results:  
The data entered into the Description field in the drop-down window that opened when you right-clicked the bookmark is not displayed in the Description field in the Bookmark Properties Viewer.  If you click on a different bookmark and come back to this bookmark, the information is now displayed.

Expected Results:  
When information is entered into the properties fields in the drop-down Properties dialog window that appears when you right-click a bookmark, it should be duplicated in the Bookmarks Properties Viewer at the bottom of the Bookmarks Library window as soon as you click "Save Changes" in the drop-down window.

When the process is reversed, and data is entered into the fields in the Bookmarks Library Properties Viewer, at the bottom of the Bookmarks Library window, it should be saved and viewable when right-clicking that bookmark and selecting Properties from the right-click menu that appears.  But the information entered into the Description field is not saved.