No audio in Firefoxat all, no plugins work, download manager doesn't save .exe files, Firefox doen't recognize soundcard
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.8.1.13) Gecko/20080311 Firefox/2.0.0.13
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.8.1.13) Gecko/20080311 Firefox/2.0.0.13

I am unable to hear any audio whilst using Firefox at all. This ranges from simple clicks whilst navigating in Firefox, to no sound whilst watching videos on Youtube, or playing on Flash/Java games. All these sounds are present whilst using Internet Explorer, but disappear on Firefox. It is impossible to play MP3 files (using, for example, the Quicktime Plugin), and any attempt to open an MP3 file in a window gives a white, blank page, and the tab hangs. When trying to open PDF documents inside the browser, they do not display at all, and all that is seen is a white page, and again, the tab hangs.

Firefox also doesn't appear to recognize my sound card, as when trying to load a page with a Sibelius Scorch plugin (see http://www.sibeliusmusic.com for an example), no sound plays back at all, and when trying to choose which audio device to have the plugin use, neither my soundcard, nor my keyboard (Yamaha PSR-3000) is displayed in the list. The sound should play back as a MIDI file, and although the plugin displays perfectly well, it refuses to play.

Finally, Firefox does not download .exe files at all (such as a Flash Installer). The 'Save File' dialog box displays correctly, but when i choose a location and file name and click OK, the box disappears, the file is not downloaded, and there is no history of this in the download manager. When I right-click the link and 'Save Link As', whereas this allows me to download most types of file, when attempting to download .exe files, I get the following error message:

C:\_Pathname_\application.exe could not be saved, because you cannot change the contents of that folder. Change the folder properties and try again, or try saving in a different location.

This displays no matter what filename I set, or where I try to save it to.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. N/A - Always present



I have already tried the Wavemapper registry edit to get audio back in a Flash plugin, but this did not work. I have un-installed and re-installed Flash, Firefox, and my audio card driver, but it has not helped. The problem is definitely Firefox based, as only this programme is affected