Mouse pointers do not change correctly for what they are hovering over
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10_4_11; en) AppleWebKit/525.13 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/3.1 Safari/525.13
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X; en-US; rv:1.8.1.13) Gecko/20080311 Firefox/2.0.0.13

At various websites, particularly those with graphics on the border of the page and window with nothing between them or menu options that react to mouse presence, the pointer will change. But, if the pointer moves away from the browser window to another area on the screen not habited by Fire Fox, say, the desktop, the mouse pointer does *NOT* change back to what it's supposed to change to. I have seen the generic text I-Beam mouse pointer icon on the desktop's background instead of the arrow. I have seen the finger select mouse pointer icon over text and images that are not selectable, not HTML links.

For the VT.EDU site: moving the mouse around the "Quick Links" drop box works fine. It changes to a finger pointer, then moving off of the boundaries of this selector, it changes back to an arrow. Now, do the same with the links in the side menu, say, "Administration" and slide the pointer so that it never falls off of "Administration" but it will fall out of the browser's frame and onto whatever is behind the applicaiton's window, say the desktop. The finger pointer icon does not change to what it should wrt location. If you click on an open area on the desktop with the finger pointer icon from a website, you will eventually return to whatever the icon is supposed to look like (and hence starting or manipulating whatever you happen to click on at the time).

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.go to a website such as www.vt.edu or some journal in livejournal.com
2.move mouse pointer around until it changes near the border of the browser frame
3.move mouse pointer off of the browser window frame to something else on the desktop
Actual Results:  
The mouse pointer does not change accordingly. If the mouse pointer lands on the desktop, it remains in the same state it was in before it left the window frame, and it can also remain the same state in the frame itself, say from graphics to text that have no HTML link associated with them.

Expected Results:  
Normal OS Behaviour!! The application is not allowing the mouse pointer to change to what its supposed to be outside its execution window frame.

This Only Happens In Fire Fox. It Does Not Happen In Safari, Adium, OpenOffice.Org, X, Vice, iTunes, etc.