File-> Page Setup Can't Select Printer, IE7 can & Safari 3.1 can.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 7.0; Windows NT 5.1; .NET CLR 1.0.3705; .NET CLR 1.1.4322; Media Center PC 4.0)
Build Identifier: 2.0.0.13 and 3.0 (latest Beta)

When using multiple printers on the same computer, it is often necessary to switch from one to another. 

The FF File->Page Setup allows changing margins, headers, etc. but does not allow you to specify which printer this applies to. IE7 and Safari 3.1 do allow selecting the printer first and then applying the settings in the Page Setup. In FF, after closing the Page Setup window, and you go to print, you can select the printer you want, but the settings made on the Page Setup window are not correctly applied in FF 2.0 or the new 3.0 beta. The only way to do it is to first select the printer (thereby establishing the default) and print a copy. Then go to page setup and change the settings, then go back to print and print a second copy. This is very time consuming, not to mention wasteful.

On any given computer, we use a full page printer, a receipt printer, and a label printer, all of which have different page lengths, possible printing widths, and different margins.  Switching on IE7 or Safari 3.1 is easy and works every time. The inability to switch on FF makes the browser virtually unusable for us.

When, for example, we go to print a label (2" x 2"), we call up the label in a pop-up window. We then change the settings for that window. As long as we don't close that window, the settings will remain. We then may print a receipt which is another pop-up (browser) window. It may be 2.5" wide x 12" long. It needs a different paper size and possibly source, which in IE7, when we select the new printer, shows up as one of the choices in the drop-down select box. In FF 2.0 or 3.0, this is not possible. Since we'd like to switch away from MS and IE, we'd like to use the new FF 3.0, but can't because of this page setup, printer selection problem.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Go to File-> Page Setup
2. Try to change default printer from there. You can't.
3. Try same thing in IE7 or Safari 3.1. You can.
4. You need to have multiple printers, each with different physical capabilities to see how frustrating the problem is.
Actual Results:  
See above.

Expected Results:  
See above.

FF 2.0 and 3.0 should behave in the same manner as IE7 and Safari 3.1 in this regard. It should allow you to set the default printer and all that goes with that, on the page setup window. And those settings should then stay set when you return to the print window.