Page Errors keep appearing stating connection timed out
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-GB; rv:1.9b5) Gecko/2008032620 Firefox/3.0b5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-GB; rv:1.9b5) Gecko/2008032620 Firefox/3.0b5

I have been using Firefox 3 Beta 5 for a couple of days and i am constantly getting page error stating the connection has been timed out. I am visiting the same website i did in the prevoius version of firefox and these error did not occur. I have checked my connenction speed and this is not a problem. I have also made sure nothing else is using my connection i.e. downloads or other devices. I have copied the URL into IE7 to see if the problem occurs at the same time on a different provider and nothing happens but Beta 5 seems to have troubles. I have also noticed that Firefox 3 beta 5 is slower than both the previous version and IE7.

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1.visit some websites and click on the links within the site i.e. http://www.york.ac.uk/chp/hsa
2.
3.
Actual Results:  
Connection timed out page appears:


 

        
Network Timeout

      

      
      
      

      
        
        

          

The operation timed out when attempting to contact www.york.ac.uk.

        


        
        


The requested site did not respond to a connection request and the browser has stopped waiting for a reply.




    *  Could the server be experiencing high demand or a temporary failure?  Try again later.


    *  Are you unable to browse other sites? Check the computer's network connection.


    *  Is your computer or network protected by a firewall or proxy?  Incorrect settings can interfere with Web browsing.


    *  Still having trouble? Consult your network administrator or Internet provider for assistance.




        
        
      


      
      

    


    
    

  

Expected Results:  
Web page should display

To get around this you need to press the refresh button until the web page displayes.