Multiple Flash objects stop Javascript from running correctly or at all
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.8.1.14) Gecko/20080404 Firefox/2.0.0.14
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.8.1.14) Gecko/20080404 Firefox/2.0.0.14

I have 3 Flash objects on my page; One on there as standard, the other 2 are within a table inside a DIV tag that overlays the first swf. This table consists of 3 columns (Flash object, text area (inside another div tag), and then Flash object, in that order). The text area's DIV tag starts off as hidden. When the page is loaded, after 2 seconds the "Body onLoad" calls a function that makes the text visible. This works fine on every browser in Vista and on a MAC, and all but the latest Firefox browser on XP. However in the latest Firefox version with XP the javascript to make the text visible doesn't work at all. I think this is because Firefox is struggling with 3 Flash objects. I removed the top 2 flash objects (as in index2.html) and it works fine. I then added another Flash object (the guitar) and ran again (index3.html), this time it worked, but much slower than it should do. Finally I put all Flash objects back (index4.html) and the javascript is never called

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.check index2.html and wait...should work
2.check index3.html and wait...works but takes much longer
3.check index4.html...the text will never show up in the middle
Actual Results:  
Index4.html has all 3 Flash objects. All 3 Flash objects should come in to view, the green box should come down, then the text should appear. Text DOESN'T appear. And in index3.html it DOES appear but slowly, and I had to remove one Flash object to even get that.

Expected Results:  
Index4.html has all 3 Flash objects. All 3 Flash objects should come in to view, the green box should come down, then the text should appear. Text appears via a Body onLoad call, which waits about 2 seconds and then makes the DIV tag of the text visible.

www.systemx.co.uk/mrray/inc/function.js if you need it, that makes the div tag visible.