Context menu over "Edit This Bookmark" sends wrong MSAA events or breaks keyboard access to that dialog
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.14) Gecko/20080404 Firefox/2.0.0.14
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9pre) Gecko/2008050406 Minefield/3.0pre

In the "Edit this Bookmarks" dialog, if I bring  up a context menu with Shift-F10, one of two wrong things happen.

One happens while "Name:" and "Tags:" have focus.   As you arrow through the context menu, all of the MSAA events fired are identical while they should describe the current item in the menu.

The other happens when you use Shift-F10 over the "Show all bookmarks" button (and others).  Instead of bringing up a context menu, the dialog goes away.   Then the next time I try to bring up the dialog with Ctrl+D, Firefox beeps and does not bring up the dialog until a second Ctrl+D.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
a1. Start Accevent with value added to the list of attributes return
a2. With Firefox 3 running, bring up the edit bookmark dialog with ^D
a2. While focus is on the "Name:" field (Tags works too) use Shift+F10 to bring up  a context menu.
a3. Look at the focus events fired as you up and down arrow in the menu.  The  name, value and role are appropriate for the edit box, not the menu items.

b1; b2. same as a1 and a2
b3. tab to one of the buttons.  press Shift F10.   The dialog goes away
b4. Press ^D, Firefox beeps
b5. press ^D again and the edit bookmarks dialog comes up.
Actual Results:  
For the a sequence the focus events are appropriate for the edit box, not the menu items.

For the b sequence, the ^D in b4 beeps.

Expected Results:  
When the context menu is open there are menu item role focuses with the text of the menu item in the value attribute.

When the dialog closes the next ^D brings it up again.



I'm not sure how this dialog is implemented inside Firefox, so I am also not sure whether I should have filed two bugs.