Working with 3rd Party print screening software
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.5; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008051202 Firefox/3.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.5; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008051202 Firefox/3.0

Hello FireFox,

First let me say. I love your software! Way better than ie 7.
I love all your new features, tab browsing and searching engines/

However, it seems that even with version 3. It is still not compatible with 3rd party - print screening software. 

Here is the issue. 

I run a computer lab facility for a major college within the Brooklyn area.
Firebox is the preferred internet browser within my lab. However, due to print wastage we had to install a print screening software called print manager. From softwareshelf.com.

Print manager is designed to screen unnecessary print jobs using print screening filters. Before a print job is sent to a printer. Its first sent to a server where the contents of that print job can be screened before printing. Within IE 7. Print jobs generate label or header(at the top doc or in header ) explaining what is needed to printed. Print manager scans the these labels and is able filter out unnecessary print jobs before sending it to the printer. Unfortunately, within Firefox 2.3 and 3 this has no effect on print jobs. in other words, print manager in compatible using this 3 rd party software.

My question is this. 
Can Firefox please correct this Bug asap??!!! We have been waiting for a response for almost 2 years with no success. In addition, we just learned that 
firebox has now released version 3. I have been able to send word to sofwareshelf and they have confirmed no changes since your last update. Meaning 
Print manager is still incompatible with Firebox 3.

Can someone help me fix this issue? 

Should you need to contact Software shelf developers 
Here is their contact information
Sean Lower

seanl@softwareshelf.com
http://www.softwareshelf.com

Software Shelf International, Inc.
Sean Lower
601 Cleveland Street, Suite# 710
Clearwater FL 33755
United States of America

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.
2.
3.
Actual Results:  
printjobs are not screened properly through firefox because 
Printques are not generated. 
Printing info is not generated for screening print jobs (within the headers etc). 

Expected Results:  
would like to have students be able to print from any browser at the same time 
print screening must be done to weed out bad or unautorized print jobs