Exempting one protocoll from proxy does not work
User-Agent:       Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 7.0; Windows NT 5.1; .NET CLR 1.1.4322; .NET CLR 2.0.50727)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1a1pre) Gecko/2008052204 Minefield/3.1a1pre

I am at a site, where there is a very lame HTTP proxy. Fortunately the HTTPS port is  not blocked by the firewall, therefore I would like to not use the HTTP proxy on browsing.
Therefore I set the proxy configuration to manual, disable use this proxy server for all protocols entered the ip-number and port for the proxy into the fields http, ftp and socks. Deleting any possible entry in SSL proxy and putting 0 for that port.
Now on trying to access any https:// url, the request will time out and a "Page Load Error" will be displayed. Further text "Connection Interrupted / The connection to the server was reset while the page was loading. / The network link was interrupted while negotiating a connection. Please try again.".
My assumption is, that the empty field is not used as "do not use a proxy for this field" but that there is an attempt to connect to the proxy "0.0.0.0:0".
If I put in an proxy ip into the SSL field, everything works fine. But that would mean going over the proxy which I would like to avoid.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Setup a Proxy somewhere
2. Fill in the manual proxy configuration leaving one protocol empty (assuming you do not have a firewall blocking direct connections)
3. Navigate to any page using the protocol where no proxy settings have been used (that page should exist ;) ), e.g. https://bugzilla.mozilla.org
Actual Results:  
There will be an error displayed by the browser (see also description).

Title of Tab / Browser: "Page Load Error". 
Page-Content: "Connection Interrupted / The connection to the server was reset while the page was loading. / The network link was interrupted while negotiating a connection. Please try again.".


Expected Results:  
Display of the page navigated to. E.G. the index page of bugzilla.mozilla.com.

Special setup required as to have a proxy and a non blocked internet connection (s. steps to reproduce and description)