Enters high-CPU race condition soon as first few characters of URL are typed; never recovers
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.8.1.13) Gecko/20080208 Mandriva/2.0.0.13-1mdv2008.1 (2008.1) Firefox/2.0.0.13
Build Identifier: 3.0 RC1, also the betas

This is occuring on my two older Compaq Armada laptops running Mandriva 2008 and 2008.1 with KDE; does not occur on newer desktop machine with same O/S.  Simplest scenario:  Open browser with blank page, monitor using "top" program in a command window.  Normal at this point.  Then type the first few characters of any url in.  Watch FF go to top of list within seconds.  90% CPU is common; sometimes fluctuates down a ways but comes back up.  Often won't even respond to terminate signal.  If you actually pick a complete url it will eventually display the page but race condition never ends.  This is accompanied by unexplained disk accessess - almost continuous, but swap file usage does not grow.  I think it must be paging, though.  

NOTE: SAFE MODE HAS NO EFFECT -- STILL HAPPENS.  REMOVING PLUGINS HAS NO EFFECT -- STILL HAPPENS.  FF 2 on these machines is still completely normal and completely usable.  I have a feeling the problems with FF3 on the older laptops has to do with the small RAM available (256 and 192 MB), but wonder if a machine with more RAM is masking a problem that is still there.

Note: If you start FF 3 with a saved home page(s), or just select pages from bookmarks, things are normal (I think). The problem does not occur until you type in a url (I think).

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Start FF 3 with blank page on (probably) machine with small RAM and Linux
2.Type first few characters of any url (I think just www is enough)
3 Monitor for race condition
Actual Results:  
Race condition.  FF 3 really not usable at that point

Expected Results:  
Normal cpu use while loading a page then should decrease to very little

I have called it critical severity because often times the machine must be halted to recover.  Sometimes even KDE can not be restarted (with ctrl-alt-backspace).  Occasionally you do manage to stop FF3 and then can proceed with a different browser.