Blackboard: clicking links doesn't navigate, but instead tries to reload (causing POSTDATA warning)
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008052906 Firefox/3.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008052906 Firefox/3.0

On modem/router software and a few other sites (such as blackboard.newcastle.edu.au used by Newcastle University) when a link is clicked the current page is reloaded rather than the link. Blackboard is used by a lot of other educational institutions also.

If a username and password is needed for testing blackboard I can provide it, i cant think of any sites that dont require authentication at this stage that the bug could be tested on. Blackboard seems to be completely written in javascript.

On modems it usually states that resending of POSTDATA is required and if you click resend, the same page reloads however if cancel is pressed the link loads.

On the blackboard site iFrames are used, and i am not sure if the bug is related to focusing in withing a frames but whenever a link is clicked the page you are on simply reloads, can not navigate to the link. Navigating to the link is fine in internet explorer.

Firefox 2.0.0.14 this worked fine in, I dont have any addons or anything and this is a fresh install so Im pretty sure this is a bug and not just a configuration error. I thought i should add, I know for sure that the pages I am trying to access have not change recently.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Navigate to any router or site using POSTDATA to request links etc
2. Click Link
3. When prompted about POSTDATA click Resend
4. Same page will reload
5. Click link again, but instead of clicking resend click Cancel
6. A prompt about postdata will appear again, clcik cancel again
7. Desired Link will load

On other sites:

Click a link, and theres no indication of POSTDATA being, but the current page reloads and not the link you desire I am not sure of a work around.


Actual Results:  
Exactly as described, page loaded after clicking cancel

Expected Results:  
When Resend postdata is clicked the POSTDATA should be resent, it seems like the Cancel button is doing this when it shouldnt i.e. the code for the buttons is the wrong way around.

When there is no indication of postdata the link should just load in the desired frame but doesnt seem to.

The computer is running XP service pack 3. Noticed the problem in firefox rc2 after installing recently.

I don't think it has anything to do with configuration as it occurred straight away. I have deleted the cookies etc, dont run any extensions or add ons and the problem is still occurring.

I noticed that Blackboard seems to be written completely in Javascript and the modems I have been trying to navigate have cgi-bin. The consistent theme is that they do not use <a href=""> as links, firefox may be struggling to handle links that are not considered to be hyperlinks.