Firefox breaks volume-change notification/sound on Mac OS X repeatedly
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.5; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008061004 Firefox/3.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.5; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008061004 Firefox/3.0

I have now confirmed that Firefox is the only application which breaks the volume change notification alert/sound/beep when you want to use the F11 or F12 key to modify the sound.

I uninstalled Firefox for the past week without any issues, and yesterday, after reinstalling, it has happened again.

I'm not exactly sure how this happens, but I know it does, and I have replicated it at least 8 times now by using Firefox, and there is no event from what I can see which triggers this (rightfully so, I don't change the volume on my computer but every so often).

However, I can say that when this event does happen, the system starts becoming unstable, and applications have a tendency to crash.

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Use Firefox on the latest version of Mac OS X.
2. With time, the volume-change notification will stop functioning.
Actual Results:  
On occasion, the volume-change notification will stop working, but it is ONLY with the volume-change hotkeys. If I go to the sound settings, and manually move the sound bar, the notification works correctly.

Expected Results:  
The volume-change keys should function as normal.

The only way of solving this issue is to simply log out and log back in. After that, the volume-change notification works correctly.

I have reinstalled the operating system and before reinstalling, I tried multiple users.

I can't really share any other information than that, as I don't know how to explain it, but it has been an issue all throughout the Firefox 3 beta process.

Perhaps it is an issue with the Apple operating system as well, but Firefox has been the only application to cause this.

Also, I am using Firefox 3 Release Candidate 3.