Can't use FF !!! (Once I can browse, I can't use the menu, when I use the menu - I can't browse)
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; he; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008052906 Firefox/3.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; he; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008052906 Firefox/3.0

Hey!!

First of all thank you all for your helping here...

its something wierd that i got so many bugs in one problem and its only me.

there might be duplicate for this bug but i couldnt find it...

Anyway!
it goes like that...
first i installed the new version of FF after i got the old one installed on my computer.
then as far as i think in the begining it all worked good.
i had another bugs here (About sound that not work, and download that not work...) and i disabled my addons (IDM CC and Download Accelerator Plus Integration) after that, this problem started.
i thougth to allow them again, and there is no change.

Now, when i run FF it goes to the homepage and all normaly BUT i cant click on a link or on something in that page.
so, i tried to click for some botton in the menu, and it does nothing also.

so i switch to another running problam and back to FF.
if i click on something that locat in the page... so i can surf and do anything that relate to the page it self! BUT if i click on some menu item... so i can only use menu and not the opened page...

so again, if i want to switch between page and menu i shound move to another pronlem and come back to FF.

i restart my computer to see if theres any change - nothing.

and it also work like this in the addons/themes window...
i can click on the items i installed but i cant close the window until i switch to another program and come back.

My addons are those:
AdBlock Plus 0.7.5.5
AVG Safe Search - not working
Download Accelerator Plus Integration - 8.0.6.5
HideIP - 1.0
IDM CC - 5.3
NoScript - 1.6.9.3
OpenSearchFox - 0.1.5
Personas for Firefox - 0.9.2
SafeCache - 0.9 - Not working
SafeHistory - 0.8 - Not working
TrackMeNot - 0.5.32 - Not working

My FF language is Hebrew.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Opening Firefox
AND THATS ALL
Actual Results:  
I cant use the menu when i click on the page. and i cant click on the page once i click on the menu. i can only switch when i press on other running program.

Expected Results:  
Work normally without any need to swith between programs.

I checked it as a Critical error cause i cant use FF.
i've just made an update for IE so i can use my internet...


Thanks