browser does not attempt to open links which have been clicked on
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.4; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008061004 Firefox/3.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.4; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008061004 Firefox/3.0

When I click on links, the browser does not always try to open them (there is no indication that the page is being loaded).  This is the case whether I am just clicking on them or attempting to open them in a new tab by holding down the apple key while I click.  Further attempts to load these same links results in continued failure to load them.  However, if the browser is restarted and the same page is reloaded, it is possible to view the links.  I have noticed that this problem only occurs in conjunction with another bug I reported, 441510, a fact which may or may not be relevant.

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Click on a link.
2.
3.
Actual Results:  
Nothing happens.

Expected Results:  
I expect the page to be fetched and rendered.  At least I would expect to see an indication of the page being loaded (ie 'Looking up ...' at the bottom of the browser).

This happened earlier today when I was trying to view an airline website.  I didn't think much of it, because these sites are often notoriously bad, with JavaScript which mucks up everything you're trying to do.  Consequently, I didn't note down the URL, although I believe it was www.studentuniverse.com. After several attempts to click on various links I shut down the browser and restarted it and things worked again.

Just now I tried to look at a page where there shouldn't be any JavaScript issues and noted the same problem.  Specifically, I searched images.google.com for 'banjo' and attempted to view the fourth image in the results (located on www.musicwithease.com).  The first several times I tried to click on the image nothing happened.  After I went to another tab (this one, to file a bug report) and did a few things (searched for similar reports), I went back to the same site (images.google.com), performed the same search, and was able to click on the image.