Bookmarks within subfolders of Bookmarks Toolbar don't work with speech recognition software
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008052906 Firefox/3.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008052906 Firefox/3.0

I use Dragon NaturallySpeaking 9.5 to control Firefox with my voice. It's possible to place a folder of bookmarks in the Bookmarks Toolbar. In Firefox 2, I could say the name of the folder (which opens the menu), and then say the name of a particular bookmark menu item, and that bookmark would be selected and would open.

But in Firefox 3, this doesn't work properly. Saying the name of the folder does drop the menu, but Firefox 3 does not behave properly when I say the name of a particular bookmark menu item; it usually selects the wrong menu item, or sometimes the "Open All in Tabs" menu item.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Find a computer running Windows with Dragon NaturallySpeaking installed.
2. Create a folder of bookmarks, and place it in the Bookmarks Toolbar.
3. Say the name of the folder that appears in the Bookmarks Toolbar.
   (The menu of bookmarks opens properly.)
4. Say the name of a bookmark in the menu.
Actual Results:  
Frequently, the wrong menu item is selected.

Expected Results:  
That the correct bookmark menu item would be selected.

Dragon NaturallySpeaking depends on a Microsoft technology called Active Accessibility to select menu items by speaking their names. In Firefox 3, it appears as if the menus that pop out of folders on the Bookmarks Toolbar are not exposing the list of menu items to the Active Accessibility technology because the Dragon software behaves as if it's not "seeing" them: the words I say are treated by Dragon as text dictation, not a menu command that it should recognize.

Something about the implementation of these Bookmarks Toolbar menus is different between Firefox 2 and Firefox 3.

By the way, the regular Firefox 3 menu bar and menu items are fully accessible by voice with Dragon software.