When browsing inside an expanded folder on the bookmarks toolbar, dragging and dropping a bookmark contained there onto a folder also contained there breaks the drop indicator positioning for future drag and drops
Created attachment 328199
Sample of subsequent behavior

When browsing inside an expanded folder on the bookmarks toolbar, if you drag and drop a bookmark contained there onto a folder that is also contained there, it breaks the drop indicator positioning for future drag and drops carried out inside this folder.  

What subsequently happens is that the drop indicator will now be consistently improperly positioned, not where the mouse cursor is currently hovering, but on the bookmarks toolbar, at the current corresponding horizontal position of the mouse cursor.

Steps to reproduce:
1.) Create multiple folders on the bookmarks toolbar, and then populate one of them with bookmarks, at least one subfolder, and multiple bookmarks inside that subfolder.
2.) Click on this parent folder that you populated.
3.) Click and drag a bookmark contained inside it and drop it onto a subfolder contained there.
4.) Now click away to close the expanded folder.
5.) Click on this same parent folder again.
5.) Click and drag another bookmark contained in it but don't drop it.  Instead, take a look at where the drop indicator is positioned relative to your mouse's cursor position, in various vertical and horizontal positions.

Expected result:
The drop indicator is positioned under your cursor.

Actual result:
The drop indicator is incorrectly placed in a bookmarks toolbar drop position that is closest to the horizontal position of your cursor. No vertical position is being detected.

See the attached image for a visual of the subsequent behavior when trying to drag these subsequent bookmarks.  I apologize about the cursor itself not being visible in this screenshot, but it is in fact at the vertical position of the translucent bookmark that is being dragged, and at the horizontal position of the problematic blue drop indicator that is incorrectly present on the bookmarks toolbar.