Mozilla should distribute a "Free core fonts" set as part of the Firefox distribution
What happens now:
* If a web page specifies the use of a high-quality Free font such as DejaVu, SIL Gentium or Computer Modern within a web page, very few browsers will be able to display it as intended.

What should happen:
* All Firefox users (and eventually all or almost all users of other browsers, see below) should be able to see the text displayed in the correct font

I suggest that Mozilla should make a set of these already-existing high-quality available as part of the Firefox distribution, either by packaging them with the browser, distributing them via software update or install-on-demand download, or by making them available via extensions.

Advantages:

This would greatly increase the number of high-quality fonts available for use on the Web, for Firefox users on all operating systems. Since Firefox's market share is now greater than 20% worldwide and rapidly growing, this should be sufficient to create a network effect in favour of the use of these fonts (which will be completely backwards compatible: see below). Their presence on large numbers of web pages will encourage other browser and operating system vendors to package these fonts as part of their distributions.

In particular, this will be useful for users of languages written in non-Roman scripts which are not widely supported by native fonts in most computer operating systems. Examples of non-Roman fonts include Georgian, Amharic, Burmese, Tibetan, Malayalam, Sinhalese, Cree, Inuktitut and Cherokee. This will also be useful for users of languages written in Roman scripts, such as Vietnamese, which use unusual characters or diacritic combinations which are not widely supported in mainstream fonts.

Finally, the availability of Free mathematics fonts for Firefox will greatly help the adoption of MathML.

Disadvantages:

None. Because of the pre-existing provisions for fallback in HTML/CSS font specifications, and the continuing market dominance of Internet Explorer, web page designers will continue to use font fallbacks appropriately, and the use of these fonts should not disadvantage the users of any other browser or operating system.