First click on a link in a redirected page with cloaked URL results in no page change
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.15) Gecko/20080623 Firefox/2.0.0.15
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.15) Gecko/20080623 Firefox/2.0.0.15

One of my domains (carlmartin.net) is redirected using cloaked URL to www.ancientsuns.com/fwd/rcm. Clicking on a menu link seems to "uncloak" the URL; e.g. clicking on "Samples," shows http://www.carlmartin.net/samples.html in the address bar, but the page remains unchanged. Clicking on the "Samples" link again results in the samples page showing. Clicking on any link after this results in an unchanged address bar (erroneously shows .../samples.html), and normal behavior on showing the desired page.

Additional Behavior:
Whatever is the first link clicked, the Address Bar will reflect the link clicked, yet the page will not change until another click is made. Subsequent links clicked will not change the URL in the address bar.

Also, viewing page source is inconsistent. Before clicking any link on the redirected website (with cloaked URL), the View Page Source appears to yield a complete listing of source code. After first click, and the page displayed has not changed, the View Page Source has changed to one showing <frameset> and <noframes> attributes (not used in the original page code. Each subsequent link clicked shows the same View Page Source code.


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Type address, http://www.carlmartin.net in address bar, and observe web page, address bar, and View Page Source.  This is for a domain that has been redirected using a cloaked or "masked" URL setting at the domain registrar's site.
2. Click on a link.
3. Observe the unchanged web page content, but changed address bar content, and changed View Page Source.
4. Click on another link, and observe that address bar and View Page Source are now static, but page displayed properly changes.

Actual Results:  
1. Seems to behave normally.
2-3. The web page remains unchanged, but the address bar changes. Also, View Page Source hides the actual page source code.
4. Address bar content persists from first click, View Page Source remains constant, but page displays normally.

Expected Results:  
1. Seems to behave normally.
2-3. Web page should change to that of the link destination. Address bar should not change (because URL should be "cloaked"). I am uncertain what should happen to  the page source. What is the standard here?
4. Address bar should not show the html file name of the first click. All other behavior seems consistent from this point on.

I am uncertain of the validity of this as a "bug." The implementation of URL forwarding and masking might be non-standard for all I know.