Frecency score of bookmarks not set to zero when history is cleared and bookmark scoring set to zero
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.5; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008061004 Firefox/3.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.5; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008061004 Firefox/3.0

If the visited and unvisited bookmark frecency score preferences are set to zero after visiting a bookmarked URL and history is cleared, the frecency score for those bookmarks visited are not set to zero and thus still appear in the location bar dropdown completion list. Effectively the change in preference for bookmark frecency scoring should place the value at zero and effectively remove all location bar dropdown completion history.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Visit one or more bookmarks.
2.Set the values of places.frecency.bookmarkVisitBonus and places.frecency.unvisitedBookmarkBonus to zero via about:config.
3.Clear history.
4.Type any character that occurs in the URL or page title of the previously visited bookmark. Alternatively or additionally, open places.sqlite and observe the value of the bookmarks frecency score.
Actual Results:  
Entries for bookmarks visited appear in location bar dropdown completion list. Frecency score in places.sqlite for previously visited bookmarks is not reset to zero.

Expected Results:  
No entries appear in location bar dropdown completion list. Frecency score in places.sqlite for previously visited bookmarks is reset to zero.

All other items from history previously expected to be cleared based on Firefox 3 behaviors are so when history is cleared in Firefox 3. The items act as if the URLs were typed in, instead of visited via any other means. I used the bookmarks menu to reproduce this, so that I did not enter any information into the location bar to invoke bookmark results with the frecency scoring for bookmarks enabled. Despite the value of places.frecency.linkVisitBonus not being zero, items in places.sqlite created via the respective means were cleared when history was cleared. This adds to the apparent inconsistency of behavior. This effectively means that 'Clear Private Data' is not respected, and thus the expectation of the named action's result is not completed.