firefox 3 not opening pages in new window when page size specified
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008062122 Firefox/2.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008062122 Firefox/2.0

Firefox 3 has broken some behavior from FF2: it's not opening some pages in a new window when it should.

I have FF configured with "New pages should be opened in: a new tab" (as opposed to a new window). However, as per the FF help, they do the "proper" thing and ignore this setting when a page requests to open a window of a specific size:


"Tabs Preferences

New pages should be opened in:
This preference controls whether links from other applications or from web pages which request to open them in new windows are opened in a new window or a new tab in the most recent window.

Note: If you have chosen to open pages in new tabs, Firefox will ignore this preference and will open a new window from a link if the page author specified that the new window should have a specific size, because some pages can only be displayed correctly at a specific size."


This all worked perfectly in FF2. Pages were always opened in new tabs, with the exception of pages that wanted to open themselves in "dialog" style external windows of a particular size.

However, this behavior is borked in FF3.  FF3 no longer ignores the setting and opens a new window when a particular window size is requested. Instead, it *always* opens new pages in a new, even if they're intended to be dialogs. And even worse, after opening the page in a new tab, it then proceeds to resize the existing browser window to the size requested.  (An example of this behavior can be seen at http://www.darose.net/FF3TabBugPage1.html.)  This is obviously really irritating, as my browser window keeps getting resized on my, and I have to keep manually restoring it back to my preferred size.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Install FF3
2. Set preferences to "New pages should be opened in: a new tab"
3. Go to http://www.darose.net/FF3TabBugPage1.html
4. Click on one of the links.

Actual Results:  
The links will open a page in a new tab.

Expected Results:  
The javascript-based link should open the page in a new window.