Certificate authorities do not protect against Man in the Middle attacks
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux x86_64; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008062908 Iceweasel/3.0 (Debian-3.0~rc2-2)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux x86_64; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008062908 Iceweasel/3.0 (Debian-3.0~rc2-2)

Certificate authorities do not protect against man-in-the-middle attacks, which is ostensibly the reason that they exist. Instead of your ISP doing such an attack, any one of the many security authorities could do such an attack, and sign their own bogus certificates, with you never the wiser. The ISP, the certificate authority, and even the government could get in on it, successfully intercepting your secure transactions with no warning from Firefox at all.

Certificate authorities are important, so that we can identify who to trust, but they must be selected by the users, not by the mozilla corporation, nor by convention, nor convenience. If corporations gain the rights to act as authorities for all mozilla browsers, they can use that to restrict the market and people have to pay them money just to avoid Firefox employing scare tactics against its customers. The only function of having built-in certificates is to provide the illusion of trust and convenience, when the user never agreed to trust those people at all.

Firefox comes with libnsckbi.so installed as a security device by default, when the users may not wish to trust the authority corporations listed therein as certificate authorities. That should be disabled, or at least the user should be asked about it on installation ("Do you want to install the certificates for certain common trusted authorities?")

When visiting a site whose root authority is not on Firefox's list, it prompts many warnings and allows for a "Security Exception" for that certificate, but it does not allow the user to add the certificate authority to their list of authorities. If it did allow them to do so, they would only get those warnings once for each authority, but would not be obliged to trust the authorities built into libnsckbi.

In an ideal world one would only add new authorities and certificates after having exchanged those by hand, in person. As is, we have to download the same certificates through the same ISP that we then have to try to establish a secure connection through. The current system in Firefox sets up a dangerous situation though, where anyone who can buy their way into libnsckbi gets a blanket trust and can disable Firefox's warnings. Since we're obviously not exchanging certificates through independant 3rd party mediums, the only function these warnings have left then is to discriminate against certificate authorities who cannot gain enough power and influence to get added into libnsckbi. I'm not saying the people who decide that are necessarily unfair or beytraying of their community, just that the burden of who to trust should not be levied on them, but on the end user who has the most to lose if an error is made.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Start a new empty user account in firefox
2. Go to https://spages.half.ebay.com/
3. Go to https://cacert.org/
Actual Results:  
ebay.com has a working certificate by default, even if the user doesn't know or want to trust whoever is labeled as VeriSign. cacert.org requires the user navigate several ominous worded error pages warning them away, which ebay gets a free ticket out of. In the "Add Security Exception" dialog, the mozilla foundation claims (wrongly, possibly libelliously) that cacert.org is not a legitimate bank, store, or other public site.

Expected Results:  
Both pages both require some confirmation from the user before trusting the certificate from that page, or at least the certificate authority that page is signed by. Also a certificate with an unknown issuer is not invalid, just unknown.