D-Link router javascript login broken
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.9.0.1) Gecko/2008072820 Firefox/3.0.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.9.0.1) Gecko/2008072820 Firefox/3.0.1

My router, a D-Link DIR-655, no longer will allow me access to its admin panel after the latest Firefox 3 patch updates that I installed today.

I can confirm that it was working prior to installing these patches, since I accessed it just earlier this morning. I tried to access the admin panel again later on this evening, after applying all software updates through Synaptic, and it no longer works.

This renders the entire admin panel for the router unusable since an error is given while attempting to login.

The error given is a D-Link error reading:

"The network connection seems to be down. Press 'Ok' to try again."

I realize this is a D-Link error that has been coded for a time out, as I've examined their HTML source, however, this is not a coding error.

It worked on Firefox 3 prior to this recent patch, and works on my girlfriend's Firefox 2 machine, which is also running Ubuntu.

Because of the numerous issues I've been encountering with Firefox 3 lately, I recently installed Opera, and can confirm that the login utility works flawlessly there as well.

Something in the latest Firefox patch (on the Ubuntu repositories at least) is causing certain Javascripts to operate incorrectly.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. View D-Link admin panel at http://192.168.0.1
2. Enter anything or nothing for the password and hit "Log In"
Actual Results:  
A Javascript time out function is called, which displays the following in an alert box:

"The network connection seems to be down. Press 'Ok' to try again."

Expected Results:  
You should be able to login to the panel.

This worked for me earlier this morning on Firefox 3. Only after I installed the latest patches this afternoon did it become broken.

Works fine in Firefox 2, and in Opera.

Here are two other bug reports that exist for this issue, which are both still unconfirmed or unresolved.

If you need me to provide you with temporary access to my IP address and the admin login details, I'd be happy to, if it may actually lead to a result.