Firefox doesn't respond to mouse clicks on links and buttons
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; de; rv:1.9.0.1) Gecko/2008070208 Firefox/3.0.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; de; rv:1.9.0.1) Gecko/2008070208 Firefox/3.0.1

Error description:
Whenever I start my Firefox browser, I can only click once on a button or link or enter an address or open a new tab. After this first command I cannot click anything with a "function" anymore (such as submit buttons, back button, close buttons, links, tabs, the Firefox menue, bookmarks).

There is no error message. The problem appears only with Firefox.

Work-around:
It sometimes helps to right-click on the top bar of the window, then left click inside the window. This doesn't always work. If it does, I have one click again, before the problem reappears.

Most of the time it helps to click on my windows "Show Desktop" Button. When I maximize Firefox after that, I have one click again before the problem reappears.

It always helps to alt+tab out of Firefox. Problem reappears in the same way described above.

In any case there is no real work-around. The problem appeared after I had been using Firefox 3.0.1 for many weeks and it doesn't go away. I tried reboots, reinstalling Firefox, memcheck, virus and spyware checks, disabled all add-ons. No change. I have not yet tried an older version of Firefox. I am using IE now :-(

Variations:
Sometimes (<10%) it even affects all of the windows explorer. I cannot click on anything then before I use alt+tab!

Sometimes (20-50%)it doesn't affect the menu items and the back button but all other links and buttons

Sometimes I have more than one click (two to four clicks) before the problem appears. This is in 10-20% of the cases.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open Firefox (Default Web Page/In my case: google)
2. Click on a Form Button or Link inside the browser window.

Actual Results:  
=> The next such attempt to click anything with a "function" fails. Links are not highlighted on mouseover nor does the mousepointer change.


Expected Results:  
Command connected to the button / link / Firefox-button or menue item should be executed.

see "Details".