Web page authentication confirmation error
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; pl; rv:1.8.1.16) Gecko/20080702 Firefox/2.0.0.16
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; pl; rv:1.8.1.16) Gecko/20080702 Firefox/2.0.0.16

Assume that I have certificate www1.domain.com signed by Verisign or other organization, installed on server www2.domain.com (this happens a lot especially when someone steels key and certificate from server) 

When I connect with Firefox to page https://www2.domain.com , initially Firefox informs me, that certificate was issued for different address, but after user accepts it and starts working with this page, there is no information that certificate do not corresponds with given page.   This is all the time that user is working with browser!  

Firefox shows that page is safe, when you clicks on lock, it displays wrong information that authentication of this page was confirmed  by Verisign which is not true because it was confirmed for www1.domain.com not www2.domain.com

Suggestion is:
-	allow people to accept his decision, that he wants to connect to that page even that certificate was not issued for given address. But maybe this should be done in the way that IE7 does. Do not allow person to just click OK, but refuse connection and force person to read information about problem and then choose proper option 
-	All the time, when you stay working with this page, mark it somehow that user sees that something is wrong with its authenticity.  Make place with url, red with information that authentication of this page was not confirmed etc. I suggest that maybe entire window should be read and even blinking. Make some place when you user can click and read what is wrong with this page. 
-	I suggest that if domain name in the certificate is different that this one on server (eg. www.domain_a.com, www.domain_b.com) that do to allow to connect. 

This will help preventing phishing or other attacks (man In the middle) on users. 

Regards

Piotr     


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.
2.
3.



I have no idea whether it is a serious bug. Sure, this can be exploited by someone, especialy in some public places like internet-caffe. So I mark it as a security problem.