When closing a folder in the bookmarks sidebar, the selected row is sometimes scrolled off the bottom, out of view
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.1) Gecko/2008070208 Firefox/3.0.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.1) Gecko/2008070208 Firefox/3.0.1

Currently, the sidebar tree scrolls up (if possible) if closing a folder would otherwise uncover empty space below the tree.

To see what I mean:
1. Set up your sidebar (by opening folders or creating dummy bookmarks) so that it is filled from top to bottom with a few bms to spare.
2. Then scroll down to the bottom so that you cannot see the topmost bookmarks anymore (ie they are scrolled off the top).
3. Now create a folder in the last row and put a few bookmarks in it.
4. Open the folder and then make sure you are scrolled completely to the bottom again so that you see the last row.  Note your opened folder should not be the last row anymore.
5. Now close the folder.  If nothing else happened, this would uncover empty space below the closed folder, but instead the tree will scroll up as much as needed to re-cover this space with rows from above.  The end result should be that your selected folder is now on the last visible row.  Presumably Fx3 calculates how many rows it needs to scroll up.

6. The problem is that Fx3's calculation is often off-by-1 so that your selected folder is scrolled partially or completely off the bottom so that it is not visible anymore.  It is important that the selection always be visible (otherwise very confusing). I assume the calc depends on the height of the sidebar area, so you may have to adjust your window height incrementally to duplicate my result.

The reason I care to post this minor bug is that the simplest solution would be to just disable this auto-scrolling behavior.  Even when working correctly, I think it is jarring/confusing to see the tree move at all, much less scroll up by a sometimes large amount when just closing a folder.  The selected row should ideally (to be consistent) stay where it is, as it does in every other closing/opening-folder situation.

If I misunderstand any of this, please correct me, thanks.

Reproducible: Always