Cannot use Ent Federal Credit Union bill pay
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.1) Gecko/2008070208 Firefox/3.0.1
Build Identifier: Firefox/3.0.1

This problem seems to be subsequent to the latest update to Firefox version 3.0.1.  Had no problems in August before this update when I last paid bills with bill pay using my Firefox browser.  When I enter my Ent Federal Credit Union bill pay information, a screen pops up indicating Firefox needs to resend the data.  When I press "resend", I continue to get the same exact pop-up screen no matter how many times I press "resend".  Then, it takes pressing "cancel" several times to finally be able to cancel out, leaving me with a blank screen and no other option than to log out of the banking session and close Firefox.  I now have to use I.E. to be able to pay my bills using bill pay.  NOT HAPPY!  I prefer using Firefox as my browser.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Go into bill pay
2. Select bill to pay
3. Enter amount to pay
4. Enter date to pay
5. Screen pops up indicating Firefox must "resend" data
6. Press "resend"
7. Same screen pops up again indicating Firefox must "resend" data
8. Each time press "resend", the same screen pops up indicating Firefox must "resend" data
9. Finally give up and press "cancel"
10. Same screen pops up several more times when pressing "cancel" until finally get to a blank screen in bill pay
11. Have to sign out of bill pay, log out of banking session and close Firefox.
12. Go into I.E. and pay my bills.
Actual Results:  
Unable to use bill pay in Firefox.  Have to use I.E.

Expected Results:  
The software should have allowed me to use bill pay to pay my bills instead of continually displaying a pop-up screen indicating that Firefox needed to resend the data so I couldn't get to the next bill pay screen to send the payment.

I have made Firefox my default browser because I have come to really appreciate its features.  To be forced to go into I.E. because Firefox won't allow me to pay my bills using bill pay is very frustrating.