Firefox and Internet Explorer are sometimes unable to get the maximum financial information from this website.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.16) Gecko/20080702 SeaMonkey/1.1.11
Build Identifier: Mozilla Firefox 3

Other browsers (such as Safari, Chrome, Opera, SeaMonkey, and Flock) are able to get the maximum amount of financial information from this website because they are working properly.  Firefox3 can sometimes get the maximum financial information but at other times, only some of the financial data can be viewed.  Specifically, the current quotes for the Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500 Index, Nasdaq Composite, and many other quotes including the price of crude oil, gold, 10-year Treasury Note yield, etc. don't download properly and the place where the number should be is blank.  Internet Explorer has this same problem ALL THE TIME unless you download ActiveX from Adobe Systems.  If you go ahead and download ActiveX for your Internet Explorer browser, this problem is completely solved for your Internet Explorer browser.  Unfortunately, I refuse to do this because Spybot Search&Destroy warns everyone not to download ActiveX for Internet Explorer by displaying a big, red X on the program icon for ActiveX that you downloaded for Internet Explorer.  Fortunately, the other six browsers have ActiveX already built-in and do not require us to download this criminal-friendly version of ActiveX from Adobe Systems.  

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Using various browsers, log in to http://www.cnbc.com/
2.Try to read the quotations for various stock market indexes, gold, oil, etc.
3.If you haven't already done so, delete ActiveX from your Internet Explorer browser by clicking Start, then clicking Control Panel, then clicking Add Or Remove Programs.
Actual Results:  
Firefox3 will get the financial quotes successfully from this website most of the time but frequently, it will not.  Internet Explorer will get the financial quotes successfully from this website all the time or none of the time depending on whether or not you have downloaded the criminal-friendly ActiveX.  The other 5 browsers can always get the financial quotes successfully from this website.

Expected Results:  
My laptop computer is a Dell Vostro 1500 which I purchased not quite 7 months ago.  I connect to the internet using VZ Access Manager(wireless broadband).  I scan my computer daily with Norton Internet Security, Spybot Search&Destroy, and Dell Automated PC Tune Up.  I do not believe any viruses are involved in this problem.

I don't think that it's a coincidence that only the 2 most popular browsers are affected by this problem.  The other 5 browsers could easily become affected too in the future.  The criminals just haven't gotten around to targeting malice on the 5 less popular browsers yet.  One possibility is that employees at this website are being extorted into inflicting this inconvenience on its visitors.  The criminals may be shooting them with tracking radar and telling them to do as they demand; otherwise, they won't stop shooting.  Another possibility is that this problem has something to do with the built-in equivalent of ActiveX which comes preinstalled in Firefox3.  A third possibility is that the criminals are intercepting and/or blocking the microwave internet transmission signal in some way.