Firefox Crashes After Every Update
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.3) Gecko/2008092417 Firefox/3.0.3
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.3) Gecko/2008092417 Firefox/3.0.3

Ever since I installed Firefox 3.0, it crashes when you try to start it. I know there are bug reports similar to the one in the description, but I noticed a pattern. It does this after EVERY update to Firefox and even with no add-ons installed. I have found a workaround for this problem, which I will explain in another section.

I should mention that no amount of uninstall/reinstall fixes this problem

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. After Firefox downloads updates, close it and restart it.
2. It should immediately crash with the Report to Mozilla dialog. Choose whatever options you like and close the window.
3. Start Firefox using Safe Mode (Start > All Programs > Mozilla Firefox > Firefox (Safe Mode))
4. A dialog should open asking what you want to disable/reset. Make sure only the first option is checked (disable all add-ons), even if you don't have any installed.
5. Click the button for Disable and Restart (can't remember the exact text)
6. Firefox will crash again and you will be presented with the bug report window again.
7. Again, close this window and open Firefox normally. This time, it should work.
8. Click Tools > Add-ons, then re-enable all of your extensions (if any)
9. Close Firefox and re-open (it may crash a couple of times, but just keep restarting it)
10. Finally, after 3 to 5 crashes, Firefox works again
Actual Results:  
Firefox finally starts working again, with all add-ons. I should also mention that the add-ons were NOT updated or modified in any way between the installation of the Firefox update and the final step to make it work again.

Expected Results:  
It should have updated without crashing

I am using the default theme for XP. I am using 3 extensions, but as mentioned, this crash happens without any extensions installed, however, I will list them anyways:
Adblock Filterset.G Updater
Adblock Plus
Download Statusbar

I think I used the crash reporter the first couple of times it happened, but since then, I have turned it off. If needed, I can add its information to this bug report the next time a Firefox update comes out.

If it's helpful, I'm running XP SP2 on a Mac Pro (using Bootcamp, so it's not virtualized).