FireFox hangs when downloading a file if Windows User TMP var points to 2nd hard drive
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.3) Gecko/2008092417 Firefox/3.0.3
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.3) Gecko/2008092417 Firefox/3.0.3

While setting up a new Windows XP installation, I found that Firefox 3 was suddenly locking up whenever I tried to download any file. It would hang the system so bad that I had to hard-boot XP down every time. After a week of attempting every solution I Googled about this issue and finding no joy, I painstakingly reproduced every change I had made to the system over the course of a week. 

I finally found that when I change the User variable TMP (not the System variable, and not the TEMP var) to point to any directory on my second SATA drive I immediately could reproduce the problem. Interestingly, I CAN change the TMP var to any directory I wish on the Windows system hard drive and Firefox still works fine, EVEN IF ITS POINTING TO ANOTHER PARTITION WITH A DIFFERENT DRIVE LETTER (as long as its the same physical hard drive as Windows). 

When I set TMP to the 2nd drive, browsing pages still works fine, and I notice that Firefox is writing temp files successfully to the specified TMP directory as I browse, but as soon as I try to download any type of file at all, it immediately hangs. I tried clearing all Data from the tools menu, clearing the download list, deleting all files in the TMP directory, and uninstalling and reinstalling Firefox, but I haven't found any way to make it use a TMP directory on the 2nd drive. I even tried to "trick it" by mapping an empty directory on the Windows system drive to the temp partition on drive 2, but still no go. 

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Set the User environment variable TMP to point to a directory on a 2nd PHYSICAL hard drive (i.e. not just another partition on the same drive as Windows)
2. Try to download any file (e.g. Picasa, or right-click on any file URL and "Save As...")
3. If FF is set up to ask you where to save, choose a location and click Save.
Actual Results:  
Firefox hangs and you cannot kill it. Then XP takes a VERRRRRRRRRRRRYYY long time to shut down.

Expected Results:  
Download the file.

Windows XP Pro SP3
Pentium D 2.8Ghz
Asus board with Intel 945G chipset
Two Seagate Barracuda SATA II drives

Please let me know if you require more info.
Thanks -Gary.