Only one copy of Firefox can be open at a time with Firefox 2.0 on change to new computer.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10_5_4; en-us) AppleWebKit/525.18 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/3.1.2 Safari/525.20.1
Build Identifier: Firefox 2.0.0.17 For Apple Macintosh

A copy of Firefox is open. Only one copy of Firefox can be open at a time.

Because my old Macintosh Power PC with System X.2.8 and Firefox 2.0 given above died, I just got a MacBook with an Intell Processor. I copied the application and the support files in the Cache folder and Application Support of the Users Library that I could find. The first try Firefox 2.0 opened, but minus the Favorites. I looked around for support files. I also tried to download and install Firefox 3.0, but it would not open and gave the message above. I then deleted Firefox 3.0 and tried to go back to my old copy of Firefox 2.0 (I have a backup). It runs with the same message. No other copy of Firefox is running at the same time. I can run my old versions of Navigator, Safari and AOL, but I always liked Firefox best. It also had my favorites and stored passwords for everything. What is wrong?

What should I do to correct the problem? What support files does Firefox install where? I am sure I have not found all the locations. In the past I never had any problem with Firefox even if I ran AOL or Navigator at the same time. I am writing this using Safari 3.0. It is nice but not as good as my old version of Firefox was.

I have seen other reports of a similar bug. I am running a Macbook with a 2.4 GHz Intel Core 2 Duo Processor and 2 GB of Memory with Macintosh VErsion 10.5.4 system. I put the Firefox 2.0 version here. Since Firefox 3.0 is beta I think I'd like to go back to using Firefox 2.0, and I don't even have Firefox 3.0 on my hard disk other than a downloaded installer. 




Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Double click the Firefox 2.0 icon, when no other Firefox application, even no other Mozilla programs are running.
2.See the message I copied earlier. It says only one copy of Firefox can run at a time.
3.
Actual Results:  
Simply try to open the program.

Expected Results:  
Program can't be opened.

Program should have loaded and opened. I see lots of folks with the same problem but no answers to it. I am not sure of all the locations where Firefox keeps preference, cache, and supporting documents away from the program. I look at my Apple Menu to see what programs are running and there are not any other copies of Firefox running.

Please contact me at dkkdolls@aol.com - Donna