Back/forward keys on multimedia keyboards cause double-back and double-forward on page anchors
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.3) Gecko/2008092417 Firefox/3.0.3
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.3) Gecko/2008092417 Firefox/3.0.3

After navigating through a page with anchor links (like, a table of contents, for example), using the built-in back and forward keys on a multimedia keyboard cause you to go back and forward TWICE.

This is only for multimedia keyboard buttons - using the mouse to click on the back and forward buttons does not reproduce this, nor does ALT+LEFT and ALT+RIGHT.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
This is reproducible on ANY page with lots of anchors, but I will describe how to reproduce it at one site for ease of description.

1.  Go to http://www.w3.org/TR/REC-html40/struct/links.html
2.  Click the link "Visiting a linked resource", this will take you to "links.html#h-12.1.1"
3.  Scroll to the top of the page using the scroll bar
4.  Click the link "Other link relationships", this will take you to
"links.html#h-12.1.2"
5.  Scroll to the top of the page using the scroll bar
6.  Click the link "Specifying anchors and links", this will take you to
"links.html#h-12.1.3"
7.  Using a multimedia keyboard with built-in Back and Forward keys, press the "Back" button.
Actual Results:  
Following the steps above will bring you back TWO steps - directly from "links.html#h-12.1.3" to "links.html#h-12.1.1".

(Note, pressing Forward again will again jump you forward TWO steps.)

Expected Results:  
It should behave exactly the same way as clicking on the GUI "Back" and "Forward" buttons do, and exactly the same way that using ALT+Left and ALT+Right do.  These will send you only one step back or forward.

I reproduced this on multiple machines (one Windows XP, one Windows Vista) and three different keyboards.

It is NOT a faulty keyboard or faulty port problem!

I researched this a little bit:  When you press the multimedia keyboard buttons, the functions "HandleAppCommandEvent(evt)" in browser.js gets called twice, because it is getting two application commands.

This happens regardless of whether you are navigating between two pages.  It will get called twice if you navigate back from "page2.html" to "page1.html", and it will get called twice if you navigate back from "page.html#section2" to "page.html#section1".

However, the double-navigation bug is ONLY evident when navigating between anchors.