When downloading files with the same filename they may overwrite each other
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.9.0.3) Gecko/2008092417 Firefox/3.0.3
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.9.0.3) Gecko/2008092417 Firefox/3.0.3

When two files with the same filename are downloaded by Alt-clicking on links, Firefox will usually append (#) to the end of the second one to avoid filename conflicts, for example:

file.ext
and
file(2).ext

However, if many files with the same name are downloaded from a server that only allows a few files to be downloaded at a time, some files may not have started to download yet when the other links are clicked, and firefox does not recognize the filename conflict between these queued files. They are given the same filename and once they download, the resulting file will either be one of the two intended files, or simply corrupted.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Bring up a page that has links to many files with the same name. The server must only allow a few simultaneous file transfers.
2. Alt-click many links quickly enough that some are clicked while another file with the same name is queueing.
3. The file will be queued with the same name as the other queued file, and they will not download properly.
Actual Results:  
The downloaded file was corrupted, or only one of the files downloaded.

Expected Results:  
Firefox should have recognized another file queued with the same name, and appended a different number to the filename.

For example, say a server only allows two transfers simultaneously, and it is desired to download four files called file.ext. These files are large enough that they will not finish downloading before the others is clicked.

File 1 will appear in download manager as file.ext and will begin downloading
File 2 will appear in download manager as file(2).ext and will begin downloading
File 3 will appear in download manager as file(3).ext but will not begin downloading yet
File 4 will also appear in download manager as file(3).ext, and this will cause the file file(3).ext to download improperly.