Zooms out without warning
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-GB; rv:1.9.0.4) Gecko/2008102920 Firefox/3.0.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-GB; rv:1.9.0.4) Gecko/2008102920 Firefox/3.0.4

I am having a problem with the Zoom In function.  I have emailed 4 or 5 different sites to get help with this issue and I am  getting no where.  
My problem is that I recently changed computers Vista is the main program the computer has installed.  The Web pages are now too small to read  without Zooming in As I have a Vision problem,  However my vision problem doesn't contitute me as blind and thus I can only use products the computer offers on it to add my needs.  
The zoom in is a great feature, but I cannot seem to get it to stay stable.  Without warning as I am reading or working online the page automatically Zooms Out without warning the best example of this is some of the applications on Facebook (I spend more time here but it has happened with other web pages as well).  This is confusing to me as I have enough problems reading to constantly try to find my place in a site because the page is changing from what I have set it to.
If you can be of any help or redirect this to the technical support so they can work on a patch to fix this issue I would be greatful.
Sincerely,
Cora Echo

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. I have tried reseting has no effect.
2. If I constantly every second or so refresh page it doesn't happen as frequently.
3. Don't really know how to reporduce the problem it is a page or flaw in the communication of the programs facebook and Mozilla, or other don't know I am not a computer person.
Actual Results:  
Cannot help.  Don't understand why when I ask it to zoom in and it does why it without warning zooms out.

Expected Results:  
I would expect that the zoom in would stay no matter how many times I have zoomed in or how many times the page does its own automatic refreshes that the zoom in stays at I set it at, and not reverting to a zoom out.

I like this feature as I am Visually impaired and it should be a friendly and easy to use item to aid me with this disablity.  I find instead I am very frustrated that I have to keep refreshing pages to read them, and keep Zooming in because the feature to help me is not stable or there is a problem with the item.