The flash element does not update on my system when a link is clicked.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.4) Gecko/2008102920 Firefox/3.0.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.4) Gecko/2008102920 Firefox/3.0.4

I use javascript to replace the flash element on the page when a link is clicked. This worked previously; however, now it stopped working for some random reason. I tried to disable add-ons, but that seemed to not be the issue. It works in IE 6 (although there are other problems on the page in IE6). It also works on other peoples computers in firefox. I keep feeling like it is a google chrome issue. I noticed this stopped working after I downloaded the beta of chrome. I do not know if there is any relation. I have seen this happen in other places. I tried to load a flash file through an Iframe, and it worked for a while, but then out of the blue it stopped displaying. The interesting thing is that the same flash movie loads in a popup window. These are relatively simplistic flash files. I am not calling any obscure libraries, and most of them use actionscript 2. Some use as3. My javascript libraries aren't to blame either. 

It is really strange because it seems to be sporadic. It is also strange that it worked previously and then mysteriously both of these examples broke without modifications of any code. 

I am going to blame google chrome for now (I did try to uninstall chrome and then reinstall firefox, but not a fresh install of firefox). 

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Simply go to the page
Actual Results:  
The initial flash movie appears, but after clicking a link which should replace the movie nothing changes. The original movie stays. Nothing is replaced visibly or in the source.

Expected Results:  
When a link is clicked (on the side or top) the flash element should be replaced. This has worked previously. No code has been altered from that time. 

I am not sure what more to say. It irritates me. It works on other computers because my client sees it. I feel like google chrome is to blame. I don't know why. Just a gut feeling haha.