Unable to open e-mails with hotmail after installing 2.0.020
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.20) Gecko/20081217 Firefox/2.0.0.20
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.20) Gecko/20081217 Firefox/2.0.0.20

Hi,

I was forced to install the latest update of firefox ( i wish there was a way to turn off automatic updates, as I am very angry that I have to spend time here to report a bug you should have cought before you MADE me install the update.

In hotmail I ma able to see the list of e-mails I am getting, but when I click on them it says loading at the bottom and then does nothing.  

I have to use IE to access my hotmail e-mails now which relaly defeats the purpose of even using firefox. 

I've always talkes great things about firefox, when ever I go to a friends or family members house I always install firefox.  I am very disappointing that I have no option to not install the latest update, and after doing so I am unable to open the most important part of my internet browsing, hotmail. 

Is there  way I can revert back to the previous version of firefox so I can actually access hotmail e-mails, of will I be forced to use Internet Explorer once again after so many years?



Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. www.hotmail.com
2. Logg in with username and password
3. Click on mail
4. Click on any e-mail to read and it says loading but does nothing, firefox is unable to actually open the pave o view the e-mail.
5. If i hit refresh it shows that the e-mail I clicked on that didn't load has been viewed.
6. Everythign was fine 5min ago before I was forced to update to the latest build.
Actual Results:  
4. Click on any e-mail to read and it says loading but does nothing, firefox is unable to actually open the pave o view the e-mail.
5. If i hit refresh it shows that the e-mail I clicked on that didn't load has been viewed.
6. Everythign was fine 5min ago before I was forced to update to the latest build.

Expected Results:  
I should have been able to open the e-mail i clicked on and read it!