Client Certificate requested for history and to view already loaded tabs
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (compatible; Googlebot/2.1; +http://www.google.com/bot.html)
Build Identifier: 

If a tab which required a client certificate to view is closed then upon opening the History->Recently Closed Tabs menu a client certificate is requested and this prompt blocks selection of any item from the menu.

If a tab which required a client certificate to view is defocused and then revisited later then the client certificate is requested upon refocusing on that tab. This occurs even though the content of the page is static and is not reloaded upon providing the certificate. Failure to provide the certificate does not prevent viewing the page, but the certificate will be requested whenever the tab is refocused.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Load a static page which requires a client certificate
2. Move to a different tab
3. You will need to wait for the cached certificate to expire. I do not know the exact amount of time this takes
4. Revisit the tab
5. You will be prompted for a certificate. Deny it. Notice that the page does not reload or go blank.

Part 2
6. Close the tab
7. Open the History->Recently Closed Tabs menu
8. The client certificate request will occur again.
9. Without answering the client certificate request attempt to select an option from the menu. You cannot.
10. Deny the client certificate request.
11. Return to the History->Recently Closed Tabs menu. The client certificate is requested again, with the same results.
Actual Results:  
The client certificate is requested when a static page is refocused.

The client certificate is requested when the list of recently closed tabs is viewed.

Expected Results:  
The client certificate should only be requested when a request to the originating website is required. It is not required to do this when viewing a static page which has already loaded. It is not required to do this when viewing the recently closed tabs menu.

I, obviously, have altered the preferences of firefox so that client certificate requests ask me before providing one.