FF hangs when dragging/moving complex bookmark folders
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.9.1b2) Gecko/20081201 Firefox/3.1b2
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.9.1b2) Gecko/20081201 Firefox/3.1b2

In OrganizeBookmarks, when dragging moderate sized (5-10 entries) folders 4 or 5 at a time into another folder (from the right frame to the tree in the left frame), after 2 or 3 drags (and apparently completing the move correctly) the next drag/drop hangs FF. 

Although the cursor will move, it remains the "drag cursor", not the system cursor, at all locations on the screen, even over the desktop. Keyboard and mouse will not perform any functions - ie. can't switch to other running apps, cannot close windows. Under my Linux distro ctl-alt-Fn will switch to another terminal where "killing" FF frees up the system. 

I have about 20 folders in the "Toolbar Menu" and about 50 "Unsorted bookmarks" under the main menu. 6-10 folders have subfolders and of those 5-8 have lower level subfolders. Most folders contain between 3 and 20 bookmarks while some have up to 50.

Because this problem closes out the whole system it may cause non-technical users to do a hard reboot and possibly lose data from other open apps. This type of activity is typical of housekeeping after one accrues new bookmarks over time.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Install/create a moderate sized bookmarks file.
2.Open "OrganizeBookmarks" window; select 3 to 5 folder on the right (ctl-leftclick) and drag the selection into a folder on the tree at left.
3.Repeat this several times, starting the next action immediately when the previous complete.
Actual Results:  
The "drag shadow" of the selected folders/files freezes; the cursor remains the "drag cursor" although it will move about the screen; you cannot close FF nor switch to other apps using either the keyboard or the mouse.

Expected Results:  
Normal drag/drop. If FF binds up, it should not lock you out of the system and the other apps.

Running the beta from a user directory;default themes. Adblock+ is enabled; in the past year using FF 3.05 with minimal bkmark editing I have experienced no problems with Adblock+. I _did_ experience problems with FF 3.05 bkmarks editing as soon as I started housekeeping the bookmark file. The beta handles bookmark sorting much faster and actually saves the changes made to the file (as opposed to FF 3.05 losing all changes); some drag/drop moves did work in the beta.