Java not loading for Y!games if there are 1 or more paople in room
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.7) Gecko/2009021910 Firefox/3.0.7
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.7) Gecko/2009021910 Firefox/3.0.7

Error loading Java for Y!games of 1 or more people are in the room.
If I go to a room with no people the room will load as it should.
If I go to a room with anyone in it I get many error logs. Access to the rooms is being denied?
x - Error: Permission denied to call method Location.toString
I have so many different errors listed under this string I'm not going to waste my time listing them all. Go to Yahoo games and try to load a game of euchre. If the room has people in it the room won't load. If the room is empty it will load no problem.
I'm new to Firefox and really don't know much about programming and such so I hope I gave you enough info to help with this problem.
I was using Internet Explorer and when I tried to upgrade to the new 8.0 version it ruined IE and I can't get ie7 working. So I need a new browser. I hope this one will work out I really hate Microsoft right now.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. go to games.yahoo.com
2. go to any multi-player game with chat - like Euchre (card game)
3. see if you can get into a room with people in it.
Actual Results:  
I really don't know if there are any special setup steps. I originally loaded these games with INternet Explorer. They are working with Firefox but only if no people are in the room. So there must be a bug in a function call for getting a room list or something. It doesn't happen when there are no people in the room - so I"m sure it has something to do with the user list somewhere along the line.

Expected Results:  
if people in the room you should get an error and be able to view the log. It seems to be denying access due to some kind of Java error or something.

the chat room should load when ther are actual people in the room. Doesn't do any good to try to play a game where there are no people to play the game with.