Right click = left click + context menu.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.8) Gecko/2009032609 Firefox/3.0.8
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.8) Gecko/2009032609 Firefox/3.0.8

When right clicking on a bookmark, either in the bookmarks manager or in the menu bar drop-down, it proceeds to open the bookmark in the current tab. this is also true of the history function, though it's much less noticed there (for obvious reasons). To add to the complexity, it seems that it also opens the bookmark in a new tab straight away if you right click on it while viewing a blank tab. Also, as described in the summary, it opens the context menu as it would if you right clicked anywhere (that doesn't contain a link) on a web page (provided you don't have any text within it selected). I thought it was a bad argument somewhere in the context menu handler code, but I'm the farthest thing from a computer programmer.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. open the bookmarks via either the menu drop down, or bookmarks\history manager.
2. right click on any entry (provided that you've at least 1 active web page open)
3. observe the resulting malfunction.
Actual Results:  
bookmark opens in current tab, unless current tab = blank. if current tab = blank, then it opens the bookmark in a new tab. In both cases, the context menu that results from right clicking anywhere (except over selected text, or links) in a given web page is displayed after the bookmark has started to open.

Expected Results:  
display appropriate context menu relevant to the item being right-clicked on.

The problem's .manifest seems to be primarily focused on the intel celeron 2.4GHz (socket 478) CPU, with 1GB RAM (really need 512EB when mom gets online), a 120GB HDD, and a Nvidia Geforce 2 graphics card. /* STOP LAUGHING!!!!!*/ I've not tried to reproduce the bug with the default theme, but the instance I'm using is FF3.0.8 with the infinity 1.0 theme. I've noted that this is also much more prevelant when you have a ton of tabs open (like when mom gets on the 'net. excuse me while I duck; mom reading over shoulder) in the same window (and it doesn't appear to matter whether you've got more than 1 window open).