Although I have the preferences set to do so, firefox will not save any of the passwords on pages I choose to 'remember password'.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 7.0; Windows NT 5.1; .NET CLR 2.0.50727)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.8) Gecko/2009032609 Firefox/3.0.8

Several pages I like to have 'remember password, such as my home page and others that I use frequently. Very recently firefox will not allow me to do this between user sessions- meaning, I can sign into a page and the whole day if the computer remians on, I can get back to it and the password and settings are remembered. If I turn the computer off, or log off of my user account and then log back on, all of these saved passwords are gone and I have to enter them in again at each site. I went to the dreaded IE to try to duplicate the problem, and I do not have the same problem with IE, so I am pretty sure this is within the FF browser. 
I have checked and double checked the options, the cache and cookie clearing, the "save passwords', the allowed sites, the whole nine, and everything there appears to be in order.
I uninstalled FF and then reinstalled it. 
Oh another thing, when opening firefox the first few times I get a "firefox crashed" message. After trying a few times it will load properly. 
Please help. This is driving me nuts. I hate using IE

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Have a page set to remember your password and user login info
2.Log off the computer.
3.Log back on, try to open firefox if it will not crash, go to the aforementioned page and see that the user login info was not saved.
Actual Results:  
As noted, the login info is not saved.

Expected Results:  
I'd like my login info to be saved when i want it to be, likke it used to be. 

The not saving login in info that I request to be saved has been covered above.
Not sure if I should fill out another one of these bug reports for the other problem- FF crashes upon opening as well- several times I get the "FF crashed" message and finally it will load. I tried safe mode which doesn't help.