Tags list of "Edit this Bookmark" popup dialogue is not sorted correctly (wrong sorting: upper-case a to z, lower-case a to z, umlaute) [sort order, not ordered alphabetically]
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2a1pre) Gecko/20090424 Minefield/3.6a1pre
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2a1pre) Gecko/20090424 Minefield/3.6a1pre

The list of all tags (with checkboxes) that you get by toggling the "Show all tags" button inside the "Edit this bookmark" popup dialogue is not sorted correctly. Current sort order is upper-case a to z, lower-case a to z, then words that begin with upper-case umlauts, finally lower-case umlauts. This is likely to confuse users who are looking for a specific tag in the list, as that sort order doesn't make any sense at all in terms of usability. The dialogue should use at least use the same default sort order as in bookmarks Library > Tags: just sort all tags alphabetically (while ignoring case and umlauts). Ideally, umlauts should be sorted in as ae, oe, ue, but that might be a localization issue to be dealt with seperately.


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Have loads of tags with different sorts of initial letters: upper-case, lower-case and German umlauts (ä, ö, ü = ae, oe, ue)
2. Open "Edit this bookmark" popup dialogue by clicking on yellow star
3. Click "Show all tags" button to toggle open the list of all tags (with checkboxes) in the dialogue
 


Actual Results:  
Tags in the list are sorted in a rather unexpected three-fold way that makes it unnecessary difficult to find the right tag (e.g., a tag named "OEM Software" might end up miles away from another tag named "oem").

-- undesired sort order: --
upper-case a to z
lower-case a to z
upper-case umlauts a to z
lower-case umlauts a to z


Expected Results:  
At least use the same default sort order as in bookmarks Library > Tags:
-- desired sort order: --
just sort all tags alphabetically (while ignoring case and umlauts).

Ideally, umlauts should be sorted in as ae, oe, ue, but that might be a localization issue to be dealt with seperately.


The effect of this can be quite annoying as (lower/upper-)case of a given tag is changed (edited) on the fly as you type. Say these are your tags in the wrong order as described in this bug:

OEM <--
Opel
oem software
offer
often
Österreich
österreichisch

Next time you do tag-as-you-type and accidentally type "oem" instead of "OEM", FF will edit the tag's name on the fly, OEM becomes oem (for all affected bookmarks) and thus moves to a completely different place in the (wrong) sort order:

Opel
oem <--
oem software
offer
often
Österreich
österreichisch