Opening and using lots of Deviantart.com's functionality (20+ tabs) and closing later; firefox is still sluggish
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.9.0.10) Gecko/2009042316 Firefox/3.0.10
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.9.0.10) Gecko/2009042316 Firefox/3.0.10

www.deviantart.com has, on every page, lots of in-depth javascript (I think) functionality to handle taking links without refreshing the page, displaying lots of images and allowing them to be clicked and dragged, creating a drop down list at the top of the page to display your favourites and collections and add to it, etc in addition to ads.
Looking at multiple galleries and searches at once, browsing through the pages, opening many (sometimes 20+) tabs to images and using the collect functionality on them (involves dragging a thumbnail that pops up onto the toolbar on the top of the screen) as well as other things, I find that once I have finished and closed up all the tabs still firefox acts in a sluggish manner. These are some of the things it begins to do late into a session and persists:
1. Pages load slower than usual, slowing down the rate at which new elements appear.
2. Firefox takes longer to respond to signals to change tabs and move the page.
3. Right clicking to open up the context menu sometimes does not light up the part I am hovering the mouse over for some time; if I click it while it is not highlighted, it will still take the action but in a very delayed manner. =There is an additional bug in this: If I then right click another element with the same context menu (in this case images and open in new tab) and the order is finally processed, it will be processed for the NEW target and not the old one.=
4. Eventually, the 'collect' functionality might cease to function properly; the thumbnail might not be draggable or the collections menu at the top might refuse to come down. In addition, if I try to use it and then click another tab there is a long pause during which no new activity happens (but it does not lock up) before it finally swaps tabs, and this sometimes 'unclogs' it a bit and allows it to be finally used. (This one, too, occurs even after I have closed all DA tabs and opened new ones in the same session.)

This, to me, indicates a problem with memory leaking, but it could be a related issue that produces similar effects (someone else suggested heap defragmentation).

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open up DA in multiple tabs, make some searches and/or view some galleries and move through them all simultaneously.
2. On each page, open some of the images in new tabs. Allow a large amount of tabs to accumulate.
3. Eventually, perform actions such as adding to favourites, adding to a collection, downloading and adding a comment to the image (most of this will require an account; do actions at your own discretion)
4. Close up each DA image tab as you're done with it then close up the ones doing searches or galleries. Test to see if the other tabs still remain laggy. Try opening new DA tabs and repeating the process to see if it runs sluggishly.



I am running Firefox on an Eee PC laptop under Windows XP.
I do not use noscript or block ads/flash.
My running extensions are: Adblock 0.5.3.043, Adobe DLM 1.5.2.35, CacheViewer 0.5b4, ColorfulTabs 3.9.1, ColorZilla 2.0.2, FaviconizeTab 0.9.8.2 (this one may be important?), Greasemonkey 0.8.20090123.1 (but disabled), iMacros for Firefox 6.2.1.4, MeasureIt 0.3.8, StumbleUpon 3.29 (not displayed), United States English Dictionary 3.0.3, Winamp Toolbar 5.5.1.1 (not displayed).