"Just create a new profile" is bad policy: need better profile maintenance
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.10) Gecko/2009042316 Firefox/3.0.10
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.10) Gecko/2009042316 Firefox/3.0.10

Logically, a browser is not an operating system. A browser profile is not an operating system user account. Yet, Firefox exclusively (and more pointedly Firefox 3) experiences major degradation of performance over time.

Firefox 2 was not very fast, yet it never became much slower. Upgrading to Firefox 3 yielded a very temporary speed improvement, followed by deepening issues with speed and stability. Creating a new profile yielded great performance but, with time Firefox 3 became just as slow again. Adding all the bookmarks and tabs from different profiles to a single instance of a different browser, the gap was clear. Loading approximately three times the data across four times as many tabs, that program would release the network and CPU in roughly half as long as it took one Firefox 3 profile to grind out part of the load. (This was done separately).

Now, the problem is that I have since done the same thing by overloading Firefox 2. No matter how much I load it down, it never becomes unusably slow. It does not freeze for tens of seconds, does not cause virus scans to take more than 20x as long, does not lose much speed with months of use.

There is something very wrong with Firefox 3's ability to function over time. This is the only page that I have open in the browser. I don't know if it's the databases, the sessionrestore function, or WHAT, all I know is that Firefox 3 can not be used for serious work if the only fix is making a new profile.

Something needs to be done, some sort of housekeeping routine, that forcibly refreshes a profile while the user is working. If the databases are the cause, that may do the trick. So, what changed between 2 and 3? Why is this happening and why are people like myself and my neighbors leaving this browser? More than half of my relatives have recently quit Firefox. What has been done to the program we loved?

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Get Firefox 3
2.Keep it updated
3.Use it for all your internet needs
Actual Results:  
Browser keeps getting slower, perpetual answer is reinstall and/or make a new profile. Perpetual result is loss of settings, history, data, same as reinstalling Windows.

Expected Results:  
Either profile does not lose steam, or there is a "profile cleaner" or such to aid in preventive maintenance, same as performance tools included with OS.

What I find notable is that home users and students are the people that most often complain to me about their recent Firefox experience. I repair and upgrade computers in my home city, and slow browsing is a common complaint. Even after verifying that a computer is clean, defragmented, etc., the issue generally persists. Some users go back to Internet Explorer, others try a different program. Few have indicated any desire to try the next major release.

Business users and those with a serious home office rarely complain; they only visit a short list of pages, and Firefox never seems to get any slower. Just food for thought.

I apologize for writing this up here, and I do not have much hope for a response. I just didn't know where else to possibly reach a developer.