multiple tabs (quite alot of them) after being on web page for awhile reading article on the site in focused tab crashed, and Firefox failed to recover on restart
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1b4) Gecko/20090423 Firefox/3.5b4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1b4) Gecko/20090423 Firefox/3.5b4

quick follow up to a crash report, after said crash i restarted it gave this 

=="Well, this is embarrassing.Firefox is having trouble recovering your windows and tabs. This is usually caused by a recently opened web page."==


so i figured u may be interested in the knowledge that not only did it crash it also failed to recover, and to clarify it wasn't an apparent conflict with the page/s. because it and all the tabbed pages were open for quite a duration of time. and i think i was either scrolling or bringing Firefox back into focus when it just disappeared with an instant crash. then during the following restart it froze due to the length. and then received the "trouble recovering" error was on www.elitebastards.com if helps at all. 
had alot of tabs open. cache must have been occupied a fair bit all tabs were mostly webpages with graphic elements. mostly wikipedia articles and an instance or 2 of googlesearch and maybe a sourceforge.org tab still open and 1 or 2 elitebastard.com hardware articles (with some images, charts tables and comparison screens) left it idle for 5 or so minutes then focus and or scroll the focused page.

 also this is a follow up to a crash report sent from this I.P address. where as the crash report only sent the crash info i thought i would add further information about the crash and the added fact it failed to recover the session

sorry for not including any technical statements or the crash report itself. if the log is stored locally, if it is tell me where it is and i will send if requested in regards to making it easier for you to link it to the crash report in question) 

also a note: haven't reproduced due to time constraints and limited (expensive) bandwidth, the session in question the tabs were opened over a period of 4-5 hours. so maybe the time was a factor too. , well hope that this is helpful in some way, and sorry if it isn't because i know its rather vague.

Reproducible: Didn't try