Merged WebHelp requires reload to view table of contents
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.10) Gecko/2009042316 Firefox/3.0.10 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.10) Gecko/2009042316 Firefox/3.0.10 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

When I open a merged WebHelp project created with Adobe RoboHelp 7, the table of contents is not displayed until I reload the page. In addition, the page and the table of contents are not synchronized and breadcrumbs are not displayed in the page.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Create a merged WebHelp project based on the steps at http://grainge.org/pages/authoring/merging_webhelp/merging_method_rh7.htm.
2. Generate the output per instructions at same location.
3. Open the index.htm page.
Actual Results:  
The page opens with the expected content, but breadcrumbs are not shown in the page. The table of contents area is blank. Pressing F5 will cause the table of contents to be displayed, but all "books" will be closed. If you then navigate within the table of contents to the page that is shown in the content panel, the page will reload and breadcrumbs will be shown.

Expected Results:  
When the index.htm page is opened, the table of contents should appear in the navigation panel on the left. The relevant "book" in the table of contents should be open and the page that is displayed in the content panel should be selected in the table of contents. Breadcrumbs should appear in the page.

This has been reproduced on multiple machines. I am uncertain if the problem lies with Firefox or with RoboHelp, so I have filed a bug report with Adobe, too. I will attach a zip archive that contains generated output so that you do not have to follow the (rather extensive) steps at grainge.org to create a merged WebHelp project to view the problem. The file to open is index.htm, located in the "generate" folder in the zipped directory. Please feel free to contact me if anything is unclear.