Ater closing FF3.5 with either File>exit or the X at top right...it doesn't always know it's closed
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1) Gecko/20090624 Firefox/3.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1) Gecko/20090624 Firefox/3.5

After arbitrary amount of use, I close FF3.5 with the X in top right corner (usually).  An arbitrary time later, I attempt to open the FF3.5 browser and get an error message that FF3.5 is still open, although there is no desktop evidence of this fact.  The error messages suggests that I close FF3.5 or reboot to fix the problem.  Currently I simply use ctrl+ alt+ delete to halt the FF.exe process and all is well again.  The only other thing I've noticed is extreme RAM usage when 3-5 tabs are open.

Other than these two issues FF3.5 is FANTASTIC.

OS: Windows XP Pro (fully updated)
AMD 5000+ black edition CPU on ASUS M2N32SLI deluxe motherboard (590 SLI chipset)
No malware, viruses, trojans, 3rd party toolbars etc etc etc.
2 GB PC1066 Corsair Dominator RAM

Only addons are No Script, Ad Block Plus and NoUn Buttons.  All else is default settings.  

As for all the problems I just finished reading through, I have experienced NONE of them whatsoever.

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Can't reproduce it...it is totally random as far as I can tell.
2.
3.



FF3.6 should close completely when I close it.  I can only assume this problem is a result of some ADDED functionality, such as "remember the last page I visited" or some portion remaining in Memory or some portion of the firefox.exe process not shutting down as it should.  I run a very clean minimalist system, in fact my entire primary HD contains only about 6GB of data.  The only ODD thing I can think of is the fact that I still use Java 6_update7...as all newer updates seem to spend all day long trying to "call home".

I run NO IM clients, no RSS feeds, I don't twitter or youtube and I ONLY use Verizon webmail.  My XP install is personally stripped to the bone and I am not on a network of any kind and use no online or NAS storage.

I do run HijackThis, JV16 Powertools, CCleaner, Glary Utilities and Spybot Search & Destroy religiously.  I run Zonealarm Free Firewall and Symantec Corporate AV 10.1.0.5000.  I do NOT use a router or modem...I am on a 20Mb/s /// 20Mb/s FIOS connection and run straight Cat5E cable from the outdoor Optical Network terminal (ONT) which is supplied by Verizon.

I have gone through all the FF3.5 options and found NO setting that I can assume relates to this issue.

Other than this one problem...this release is flawless as far as I am concerned.
In fact when I AM browsing...I have no problems whatsoever.  The only issue as I have stated is that FF3.5 doesn't "always" seem to realize that I have closed the browser.  It Does leave the desktop and the taskbar...but is somehow still running invisibly....and ONLY does this at arbitrary times.

All in all, Mozilla has done a great job with this release.  As far as I am concerned, 1(one) tiny bug....is about the best release of any software I have ever seen and I'm 52 years old.

If I do find that this bug is NOT arbitrary and CAN in fact be reproduced I will be sure to provide this information as soon as I can (if possible) pin it down.  I have worked in electronics and on computer for most of my adult life and DO realize the troubleshooting value in being able to reproduce the bug.

I also have Zonealarm set as to allow the error reports to be sent to the devs, as i also realize the importance of this action.

Summary: Keep up the good work  :)