Only Single Folder/Level view in Bookmarks (no expanded tree view)
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1) Gecko/20090624 Firefox/3.5 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1) Gecko/20090624 Firefox/3.5 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

This is a bug in usability that was not present in the 2.x generation.

In short, if I have a series of nested folders, I can see that a folder contains sub folders, but I cannot see the bookmarks stored in the sub folders.  

This makes organization EXTREMELY tedious. 

Firefox used to allow you to expand folder in the right pane, where as now, it will only display that folders content. 


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Create a series of nest folders.  Say (level 1), (level 2), (level 3 Folder 1) and (level 3 Folder 2) and each level is a folder stored within the previous level i.e. Level 2 has sub folders Level 3 folder 1 and level 3 folder 2.
2.Populate these folders with random bookmarks as you would normally.
3. Clicking on any sub folder displays the contents of that folder and does not allow you to see an expanded tree view in the right pane as was possible in earlier versions of FireFox
Actual Results:  
Subfolder contents displayed and previous folder contents destroyed/not shown in the right pane.  

Expected Results:  
You can only see ONE level of bookmarks in the right pain.  If I have open Level 1, I can see the bookmarks in there and see that there is a sub folder, but not its contents.  In previous versions (at least in the 2.x generation) there would be a '+' and I could expand that folder see its contents, and then move items and organize between levels.  Likewise, I could expand multiple levels and drag a bookmark from level 3 folder 2 directly to level 1 and place it where I wanted.  Now I have to drill down to a folder, cut the link, open up the folder I want to and paste it, or I can drill down, copy it from the right pane to the folder I want in the left pane, but I still have to go back into that folder and then organize where I want it if I want it somewhere other than the end, where before I could do this all exactly in one step in the right pane

Heck, even the piece of crap i.e. allows for expanded tree views in their simple Organize favorites window.  

The functionality of 'expanded trees' only showing folders is acceptable in the left hand pane, but in the right pane, the user should have the ability to see MULTIPLE folder and bookmark content.