Memory leak only cleaned up if window refocused
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1) Gecko/20090624 Firefox/3.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1) Gecko/20090624 Firefox/3.5

If I leave Firefox open with 10 tabs open, and minimize it, leaving
it open for a day or 2, there is a memory leak.

If it is still possible, I can refocus the Firefox window while the
system is swapping the memory (on the hard drive)
and the memory get's released. If that doesn't work, closing a tab
will remove the excess memory.

If it fails (and crashes), the built-in Session Manager sometimes loses
data as well. In one case, an entire window or tab was lost and
was not included in the list of windows and tabs to restore (in the Session Manager).

My suggestion is to change the memory manager to make it
clean up often, even when the window is unfocused.

This seems like a regression from Firefox 3.5 RC3,
where the memory is cleaned up often.

This occurs mostly in Linux. I haven't tried testing it out in Windows.

This was tested in a clean environment. (Clean profile, no plugins on)

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Start a clean session by opening Firefox with the Profile Manager:
./firefox -ProfileManager (LINUX)
2. Create a clean profile. (new one)
3. Disable any plugins installed in Firefox.
4. Open Javascript/CSS/HTML/Image intensive websites, like cnn.com, yahoo.com, microsoft.com.
5. Minimize the window. Look at the memory usage.
6. Keep it open (still minimized) for a day or 2. 
7. Look at memory again. If memory doesn't go up, refocus the window.
   The memory may go up at that point.
8. As fast as possible, close a tab.
9. Examine memory usage again. The memory usage should have
   dropped significantly.
Actual Results:  
Memory leak occurred, had to close a tab to get Firefox's memory manager
to free up memory.

Expected Results:  
Firefox's memory manager should have freed memory periodically,
like in Firefox 3.5 RC3.

Linux:
OS: Ubuntu 8.04 LTS
Firefox: Mozilla official build (from Mozilla's website - NOT repository build!)

Windows:
Version: Windows XP SP2
Firefox: Mozilla official build (from Mozilla's website)