Go  to ebay, log in (takes several "Try again". Goto my ebay messages - won't EVER get there!
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1) Gecko/20090624 Firefox/3.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1) Gecko/20090624 Firefox/3.5

With the latest upgrade of firefox each time I do anything, more often than not, I get something like URL not found (eBay.com, for instance), TRY AGAIN. After hitting the "try again" many many times, I might get the page I want. Sometimes it goes right there.

This is probably related to a recent XP upgrade, as MS Interner Explorer (IE) also has trouble, but Explorer handles it much better - it offers to fix the connection to the Internet, which usually works for a while at least. 

During the past 2 or 3 days, I have been forced to retreat to the latest version of Internet Explorer, as it works and Firefox fails at almost every change of window.

While I believe the problem is caused by an XP upgrade, unfortunately, IE is far better equipped to cope than Firefox. Do you suppose that is coincidance, or conspiracy?

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. go to ANY URL - chances are it won't go there until several retry attempts.
2. go to any other page on the website. Some pages come up after a few retrys, some never come up
3.Give up and go use IE
Actual Results:  
common websites can't be found - TRY AGAIN (and again and again)

Expected Results:  
Should go almost instantly from site to site, page to page, etc.

I would like to say this is all XP's fault, but unfortunately they can screw up and everyone else is required to work around them!

I am using an Eee notebook - a couple months old - using XP home that came installed on the computer. It appears likely that a "daily XP upgrade" from MS caused the problem, but it occurred on the same day MS upgraded me to IE 8 (an automatic upgrade). As soon as IE8 upgrade was installed, even though I had not used it, Firefox started giving me trouble.