both sites originally opened in firefox, after numerous refreshes the pages stopped loading but would load after reboot.  Eventually they would not load after reboot.  They still load in IE and Opera.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1.1) Gecko/20090715 Firefox/3.5.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1.1) Gecko/20090715 Firefox/3.5.1

The 2 websites in question both loaded properly in firefox 2.x, the problems started once I installed firefox 3.x and have continued and worsened since upgrading to 3.5.1, tho since the problem seemed to be related to often refreshed pages it might be that had I not migrated to 3.x the problem would eventually showed up in 2.x.
The Websites both work fine in Opera and IE.
At the request of several in #firefox irc chat, I installed firebug to see if that would help identify any problem, firebug shows nothing when trying to load the page. 
Right clicking the blank page and checking page info I see the URL, type is text/plain, render mode is quirks mode, UTF-8 Encoding and the modification date of the page.
View source shows the complete page html code after the page times out tho not while the throbber is running.
The page code saves when doing Save-As
I have tried to get the page to load in safe mode, using different profile, with all add-ons turned off, with all turned on, with some off and some on.
I have released dns and changed dns servers.
I have cleared cache, cookies and history.
I have turned off always show tab bar.
I have installed proxy in browser.
I have disabled java and java script
Ctrl-r does not help with the page loading.
Toggled network.dns.disableIPv6 to true in about:config, IPv6 is not an installed protocol in my network connection.
The throbber runs as the page connects and seems to start to load, throbber keeps running until the page times out.  The window remains empty.
If I save-as the html opens as a txt file and with the .html extension it opens in firefox without problems.  
The page renders properly if accessed through anonymouse tho not through proxys installed in the browser nor when direct connected through any of the 4 dns servers i have tried.  

Bugs 464619, 434981, and 438704 are all similar to the problem being reported tho detail is missing to know if they are same as this.  There is at least one other bug report which mentions Huffington Post URL (one of 2 URL's I currently have problems with) with similar problem but I am unable to find that again.   


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. refresh the url many times (page info shows i have visited one page 727 times)
2. note that eventually the page stops loading tho it will load after reboot.
3. continue refreshing until eventually it will no longer load after reboot.
Actual Results:  
page doesnt load

Expected Results:  
page should have rendered

I use no themes.
Since the view source shows page source code after the page load times out and the throbber stops running, and since i can save-as and the save immediately starts and completes normally, it appears as if there is possibly a problem with the handshake during normal surfing.  As to why this should show up only after hundreds of visits and refreshes to these pages, I am clueless.