Drag-n-dropping a large selection of bookmarks hangs Firefox w/ 100% CPU usage.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux x86_64; en-US; rv:1.9.1.2) Gecko/20090803 Fedora/3.5.2-2.fc11 Firefox/3.5.2
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux x86_64; en-US; rv:1.9.1.2) Gecko/20090803 Fedora/3.5.2-2.fc11 Firefox/3.5.2

While trying to organize my bookmarks (the "Library" window), I can trigger a complete hang of the Firefox process at ~ 100% CPU usage by attempting to drag-and-drop a large selection of bookmarks from the right-hand pane to a new folder in the left-hand folder nav pane.  The entire window manager becomes unusable: While the mouse is still responsive to movement, it ignores clicks anywhere in the GUI (FF window or elsewhere).

This hung state will persist indefinitely, unless I switch to a console on another VT, log in to the shell, and terminate the Firefox process with 'kill <FF_PID>'.  When I switch back to the VT running X, the Firefox window is gone and everything works normally, again.  I can then restart Firefox without any problems.

I am running an up-to-date Fedora 11 installation, with FF 3.5.2 under KDE 4.2.  Happens with or without any addons installed.


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1) In Firefox, populate a single bookmarks folder with 100+ entries.
2) Create a second, empty bookmarks folder.
3) Open the bookmarks "Library" window (Menu Bar -> Bookmarks -> Organize Bookmarks...).  (The "Library" window should pop up on top of the Firefox window.)
4) In the Library window, in the left-hand "folder view" nav pane, click on the folder containing the 100+ bookmarks to highlight it.  (You should see the folder's contents listed in the right-hand pane.)
5) In the right-hand pane, click on any bookmark and press CTRL-a to select all of the bookmarks in the folder at once. (You should see all of the bookmarks highlighted, both the currently-visible items and the latter items that you have to scroll the pane down to see.)
6) Left-click and drag the selected bookmarks from the right-hand pane to the empty folder item in the left-hand pane. (After releasing the left mouse button over the empty folder item in the left-hand pane, Firefox should be unresponsive.)
7) To recover, kill the currently-running Firefox process and start Firefox, again.
Actual Results:  
Firefox hangs indefinitely.

Expected Results:  
The selected bookmarks should be moved from their original folder to the previously-empty folder, with no loss of control over the desktop.