I get options with .vcard and .vcal extensions that recognize them ('operator'), but no way to send those to thunderbird -- only OUTLOOK!!!!
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en; rv:1.9.1.2) Gecko/20090729 Firefox/3.5.2
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en; rv:1.9.1.2) Gecko/20090729 Firefox/3.5.2

I have tools in tbird to handle .vcards,  Apparently I have a .vcal tool that only works in Ffx, -- but I also have the Mozilla labs "OPerator" extension that recognizes embedded .vcard files.  Additionally if I download a .vcal or .vcard file the only option I have is to send it to OUTlook or google -- but NOT my T-bird-w/sunbird integrated.

THIS MAKES NO SENSE!

FF should give me the option to send my .vcal and .vcard events to T-bird.

This is a major BUG -- FF and TB should work together -- FF shouldn't be redirecting address and calendar events (that tbird/w sunbird handles) to other apps by default and it CERTAINLY should at least ALLOW me to send those cards/events to TBIRD.

WAY bogus -- talk about different projects being on different pages.

I cam currently only at Tbird 2.0.22(?)  

I'm really getting frustrated with the extension incompatibilities across FF, Tbird, and Ubiquity...I can't upgrade anything without some extension breaking.

Even something as **BASIC** as color management (which should be built-in), BTW, to each of the apps, not require an extension, is now incompatible with all of the apps.  Something needs to be done to integrate the apps (TB/FF/SUNBIRD...(even songbird?)) better...I'd like my extensions to work across the platforms, so things like 'autocopy', will work the same on all, or script control will work on all -- now my *french* dictionary is disabled in Tbird...?!  What's that about... a dictionary is now incompatible?

Grrr.
Anyway...off track....
At least FF should be able to send the .vcards /.vcal files to T-bird and it should be able to receive them (and be settable as the system handlers for those types).



Reproducible: Always