Firefox crashes every time when saving a bookmark, or accessing Organize Bookmarks
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Win98; en-US; rv:1.8.1.20) Gecko/20081217 Firefox/2.0.0.20
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Win98; en-US; rv:1.8.1.20) Gecko/20081217 Firefox/2.0.0.20

Firefox started crashing two days ago after transferring many files around in the "organize bookmarks" page. The size of the bookmark is about 9.9megs, and that may have something to do with the failure -- the data base of this section may not be able to handle this large a bookmark?? So, now I cannot save any bookmarks, and cannot use the "organize bookmarks" page at all. When trying to access "OB" Firefox  puts up an error message which basically says that there is an error in Firefox.exe. Each time Firefox crashes, the program automatically sends its error message, so Mozilla has all the data already. I have reinstalled Firefox over the existing installation -- but no go.  I have installed a new version on a different partition, but no joy! Still the same problem of crashing when accessing "OB" Using Win98SE, Firefox 2.1.1.2, 256 ram, 800 mhz AZUS BOARD, Eudora 7.1 . Would appreciate any help anyone may offer to solve this problem. Thanks for your kind attention . Crashes only started two days ago after "moving" many files in Organizing Bookmarks" When accessing bookmarks, scrolling down the list stops at one file, and then hangs. This file is the one into which many other files were "moved" This file size about 9.9 megs. John Williams

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Click on Bookmark this file
2.Error message box appears so can't do anything
3.Click close the error box, and Firefox crashes 
Actual Results:  
Firefox crashes, and had to start Firefox again.
This happens every time without fail.

Expected Results:  
Firefox should have bookmarked the URL

Error messages were automatically sent to Mozilla by your Talkback ap, so you should have the information many times about the crashes -about 20 or more times.