Cannot Collapse or Expand the Bookmark Menu Folders Tree when adding a new Bookmark (Bookmark This Page > Folder > Bookmark Menu Expanded)
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.1.3) Gecko/20090824 Firefox/3.5.3 GTB6 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.1.3) Gecko/20090824 Firefox/3.5.3 GTB6 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

When choosing to add a new bookmark through the standard "Bookmark This Page" process, I cannot Collapse or Expand (navigate) the Folders > Bookmark Menu > Expand Button > Tree.  This has been an ongoing problem that I had hoped the 3.5 version would fix.  It did not.  I have tried to erase all bookmarks and then reload.  I have also tried to recreate my profile and remove/reinstall Firefox.  None of these things worked.
The first bookmarking proceedure works as expected when I first open Firefox.  After I have added one bookmark for the app session, the remaining bookmark attempts do not work.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Click Bookmarks on Menu bar
2. Select Bookmark This Page
3. Choose "Bookmarks Menu" in the Folder section of the dialogue box.
4. Click the drop-down arrow next to the "Bookmarks Menu" in the folder section.
5. Try to collapse or expand the folder tree to place the new bookmark into the appropriate folder.
Actual Results:  
When I first open Firefox, you can add the first bookmark without issue.  After that, the folders do not collapse or expand.  The arrow indicator will toggle, but the folder contents will not open or close.  If you cancel, then go back through the reproducible steps, the folder will be in the last state selected.

For example, let's say I have a 1st level folder in the Bookmarks Menu named "Automobiles" and there is a subfolder named "Ford".  I am trying to bookmark a webpage on the Ford Escape. Let's assume the folders are all collapsed when I try to bookmark through the 5 steps indicated.  When I click the arrow, the folder will not expand, but the arrow will change.  If I select cancel, then repeat the 5 steps, the Automobile 1st level folder will now be open.  This must be done for every level within every folder.

Expected Results:  
Should have been able to navigate the folder tree.

My workaround has been to save all new bookmarks to the root folder and then use the Bookmark Library manager (Organize Bookmarks) to organize them later.  This is time consuming and I tend to forget the intended organization.

I have only found one other potential references to this issue:
http://support.mozilla.com/tiki-view_forum_thread.php?comments_parentId=423034&forumId=1