Firefox throws exceptions and closes when opening new links in tabs or same window. Pages not broken.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1.4) Gecko/20091016 Firefox/3.5.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1.4) Gecko/20091016 Firefox/3.5.4

I have not yet recorded the exception number(s?), but if I manage to, I will update this (I assume updates are possible) with that info.

The problem is seemingly random. Clicking a link may cause firefox to fail ("firefox has encountered an error and needs to close" or something like that). This occurs both when opening the link in the same window and when opening in a new tab.

Sometimes, attempting a link multiple times will consistently fail, sometimes it will fail the first time and succeed later on. Some links are from news.google.com, so the source is not bad, and the targets have included major news organizations, websites that have worked in the past (and after), and others, so the pages themselves do not appear to be related to the problem.

This is also not caused by the number of open tabs. It occurs regardless of that. There are times when I can have 100 tabs open over 5 or 6 windows and it will work fine, while having 3 tabs open in one window can be linked with a failure.

Additionally, clicking two links to different pages on the same site can result in one working and one failing.

The only thing of note is that the failures always occur before the page being attempted finishes loading.

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1.click link
2.open in same window or in tab
3.may or may not fail (if fail, will fail before link finishes loading)
Actual Results:  
firefox will close ("has encountered an error and needs to close")

Expected Results:  
...not throw exceptions and close? Loading the page(s) would be nice.

active add ons:
xmarks
java quick starter
avg safe search
adblock plus

After crash, restarting with the "start new session/reload old session" (i dont remember the text exactly)...

Sometimes after the crash, if multiple windows were open, choosing to restore an old session will not open all windows that were open before the crash. These windows were not new enough to have not been "registered" before the crash, since sometimes they will be recovered the first time, and then if reattempted immediately, they may not come back the second time.