When mozilla fire fox restarts the last session tabs dissapears ..
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.1.5) Gecko/20091102 Firefox/3.5.5 GTB6 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.1.5) Gecko/20091102 Firefox/3.5.5 GTB6 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

Hello Dev's
I am having problem with mozilla firefox , its kinda very annoying so i want to report it .. plz help me out in this matter ..

its kinda like this .. i have around 20-25 tabs opened... and my settings are such that when i re-open firefox my previously opened tabs are displayed .. means the tabs which in which i was working on last time and then when i close firefox it saves .. and then when i  reopen all thos tabs are displayed again ,..
this problem started a few weeks back i tried reinstalling firefox but it didnt solved my problem .. the thing is ... when i am working on firefox and my computer has an unexpected shut down .. or sometimes even when i close it normaly and reopen firefox some of the preiously opened tabs (websited on which i was working) are replaced by "untitled tab"  means instead of the websites and tabs that were supposed to open .. i now have untitled web page tabs .. and its really annoying cuz i have to go into history and re-open those tabs again .. plz help me out this matter .. or a reply would be gr8 through mail plz . 
i even changed my settings that didnt helped me out either .. i increased my temperory files size by a lot .. didnt help either .. if u want more details plz notify me about it .. Note : only a few tabs are replaced and not all of them .. some of the previous tabs remains .. only a few of those tabs are replaced by untitiled web page

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1.sudden power cut of from computer 
2.sometimes when mozilla firefox crashes.
3.sometimes when u even normaly close and re-open the firefox the tabs are gone .. 
Actual Results:  
Head Ache and some anger building up inside me .. 

Expected Results:  
all of my previos tabs should have opened properly and not just a few of them and lots of untitled webpage

My email : aasimyalla@hotmail.com