text fields do not focus properly on new tab load
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.9.2b5) Gecko/20091204 Firefox/3.6b5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.9.2b5) Gecko/20091204 Firefox/3.6b5

Please see http://forums.mozillazine.org/viewtopic.php?f=23&t=1657635 for the origin of this bug, and possibly a more detailed explanation.

To summarise the problem: I have been seeing issues with text-field focus when a new tab is loaded in the 3.6 betas. (I can not recall this ever happening prior to upgrading, and my co-workers who use 3.5.x extensively can not reproduce.)

For example, if i open a new tab with a log-in form (which i see frequently on work-related sites that use Outlook Web Access, CA Unicenter Service Desk, GroupWise WebAccess, &c.), the cursor will begin blinking in the user-name field (indicating focus), but when i try to type in it, nothing happens.

This occurs on both my work PC (Windows XP SP2) and my home PC (Mac OS X 10.6.2).

Below are my steps to reproduce in safe mode on my Mac.

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Launch Firefox in safe mode.

2. Open a new blank tab. (I don't know if this matters, this is just what i did each time.)

3. Go to my 'work' menu on the bookmarks bar, then select my Outlook Web Access bookmark whilst holding the open-apple/command key (causing it to open in a new tab).

4. Note that the cursor is blinking in the user-name field.

5. Attempt to type — nothing happens.
Actual Results:  
Nothing happens when i try to type in the field. The cursor indicates focus, but it does not appear to accept keyboard input. If i re-focus the field with my mouse or with the tab key, or if i switch tabs and then return to the one i was on, this usually fixes it.

Expected Results:  
I should be able to type in the field immediately after the page loads, as the blinking cursor indicates.

Some additional information/observations:

1. Although this occurs on both my machines (Mac and PC), i see this much more often on my work PC, due to the frequency i access our ticketing systems, e-mail systems, and so on. I have also seen it on Gmail.

2. I don't feel comfortable linking to my employer's OWA site, but if you just search Google for 'outlook web access' you'll find a number of public-facing sites you can try to reproduce this bug on.

3. I have been able to reproduce this both in safe mode and with a new (blank) profile. Both of these troubleshooting steps were performed on my Mac (i don't have much time to mess with Firefox at work).

4. Like my forum link above indicates, this seems, at least based on my attempts to reproduce it, to be linked to whether the page was created in a new tab or not. On both my home and work machines i have Firefox set to launch bookmarks in a new tab every time. I was not able to reproduce when Firefox re-used existing tabs (the default behaviour in safe mode), which is why my steps to reproduce including holding the open-apple key down.