Right click context menu for Flash plugin appears on wrong monitor when using multi-monitors and Firefox is not running on the primary monitor with IPC extensions enabled and Flash plugin is embedded using the 'object' tag
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.3a1pre) Gecko/20100105 Minefield/3.7a1pre (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.3a1pre) Gecko/20100105 Minefield/3.7a1pre (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

When right clicking on an Adobe Flash plugin embedded in a web page the right click menu appears in the correct position but on the wrong monitor, this happens only when 'dom.ipc.plugins.enabled' is set to 'true' in 'about:config'.

This happens on most pages that embed Flash. 

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open Firefox (or technically 'Minefield')
2. Ensure that 'dom.ipc.plugins.enabled' is set to 'true' in 'about:config' (restart Firefox if it is set to false)
3. Ensure that the Firefox window is located on a monitor that is not the primary monitor. 
4. Visit a web page that embeds an Adobe Flash object
5. Locate an Adobe Flash object and right click on it
Actual Results:  
The right click context menu appears on the primary monitor, at the X and Y co-ordinate that I would expect it to appear on the secondary monitor that the Firefox windows is positioned within. 

Expected Results:  
I would expect the context menu to appear at the same X and Y coordinates except on the secondary monitor that the Firefox window is positioned within. 

I've tested this with 'dom.ipc.plugins.enabled' set to both 'true' and 'false' and found that it only happens when 'dom.ipc.plugins.enabled' is set to 'true'. 

When visiting YouTube (example URL: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k5Zbc-Rg6e8) and right clicking on the Flash based player the menu appears in the correct position on the correct monitor. 

I assume this happens because YouTube use the Javascript replace method (they inject the player into a div using javascript) and the example 'Triple J' site (http://www.abc.net.au/triplej/) above uses the old <object> / <embed> method to embed the Flash Player plugin. 

YouTube seem to embed the Flash player using their own method, I am not sure if the official Adobe javascript replace method is also affected by this.