The window below remains inactive after minimizing a window on top of it
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1.7) Gecko/20091221 Firefox/3.5.7
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1.7) Gecko/20091221 Firefox/3.5.7

There is a problem that just began with Firefox 3.5.7 when you have several Firefox windows open (for those who don't like using tabs).  Normally, when you minimize the window that's on the top, the window below it becomes the new "active" (or whatever you call it) window automatically, but the new Firefox version has somehow lost this function.  

Example:  You're browsing a site and you click to open a link in a new window and then minimize that new window to come back to it later.  You see the window you were looking at originally on the screen, but the title bar is now gray as if that window was not selected.  You expect to be able to start scrolling with the mouse wheel or typing into a text field (because you know this is the way all other programs work and this is the way Firefox used to work, and you don't notice the now gray title bar because that's not something you should have to pay attention to).  However, you can't do these things immediately because the original window isn't selected anymore so you're just scrolling or typing onto nothing.  You have to physically click on the original window to select it again in order to do anything.  

This seems like a really trivial problem.  All you have to do is click the mouse, which may or may not require moving your hand a few inches.  But it is actually really annoying.  It is a lack of functional continuity with other windows and what you're used to, and it disturbs your overall work flow.  Anyone familiar with design and usability knows that this is a real problem.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open Firefox.
2. Open a second instance of Firefox or open a link in a new window, while the first one remains active.
3. Minimize the second window, so you are looking at the first one.
Actual Results:  
The first window is now inactive, with its title bar gray.

Expected Results:  
The first window should have become the new active window automatically, when the window on top of it was minimized.