I am unable to download add-ons, themes or any extensions from the Mozilla Firefox Add-ons Server, or update said add-ons
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1.7) Gecko/20091221 Firefox/3.5.7 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1.7) Gecko/20091221 Firefox/3.5.7 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

Whenever I attempt to download or install an add-on, dictionary, theme or extension from the Mozilla Firefox Add-Ons server, or even when I try to update such add-ons, I keep getting a Download Error -228 or something like that, and the download and installation of these kinds of things for Mozilla Firefox is currently impossible for me due to this strange bug. It even happens when I am trying to update add-ons. However, there is one weird thing about this bug, it only affects when I attempt to download something from the Mozilla Firefox Add-ons Server, but other sites such as the GaiaTools site or Illumitix site are totally unaffected by this bug. So it is obviously not my firewall or Anti-Virus Programs. This has been existent in Firefox for me since quite a few versions ago, since 3.5, and no matter how many times I update, the bug keeps existing. And sometimes it says that it can't find the file.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
I am not sure how to reproduce this for you, since I don't know if it is just happening to me.
1. Try and download an add-on from the Mozilla Firefox Add-ons Server
2. Wait for the add-on to attempt downloading and installation.
3. Bug occurs for me, download error occurs when downloading and install fails.
Actual Results:  
Same thing as I said in the Details, it fails to download every time I download from the Mozilla Firefox Add-ons Server, but not for any other site.

Expected Results:  
It should have not given me the download error, and managed to actually attempt to download the add-on or even attempt to find the add-on file I am trying to download and install into my Mozilla Firefox. And it should make some progress on the download instead of lagging for a few minutes and giving me the download after those minutes or just giving me the error instantaneously.

I haven't been able to change my theme since I haven't been able to download one, so I have been using the default theme.