Mouse locks to a row and screen scrolls at random during high CPU utilization flash apps
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.9.1.7) Gecko/20100106 Ubuntu/9.10 (karmic) Firefox/3.5.7
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.9.1.7) Gecko/20100106 Ubuntu/9.10 (karmic) Firefox/3.5.7

While using CPU-intensive flash applications (typically games and the like), the mouse cursor will snap to a row (usually along the center) and all mouse movement is treated as rapid lateral movement; in the case of the content being on a page that is long enough to scroll vertically, the page will scroll at random, and usually as though the screen were circular (page will wrap around from bottom to top, and vice versa).  Other browser elements that would be interfered with (address and title bars, for example) generally remain unobstructed by this scrolling.  If available, in some instances, the browser will return to a page 1-2 back in the history (as though Alt-Left Arrow had been depressed)

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Load a flash application that engages high CPU utilisation (graphics and input intensive usually do the trick)
2. Interact with the app as normal; timing varies, but usually 10-15 minutes of continued use are needed.
3. Wait for issue to occur.
Actual Results:  
In instances where this issue has occurred, problem will last anywhere from 10 to 20 seconds; if the browser does not return to a prior page, generally normal function can be resumed, though usually with severe lagtimes in mouse movement, etc, within the browser window (that is, the mouse cursor is visible and moves at it's normal rate once outside of the application itself, but any cursors unique to the application will be far behind).

Expected Results:  
The browser/application/machine should merely slow down if the system is over-taxed; such movement (or restriction thereof) does not appear to be expected behaviour.

In many instances, simultaneous keyboard and mouse input are occurring, but not in all circumstances.

For the most part, this has occurred on systems running Linux (Ubuntu Jaunty and Ubuntu Karmic among the recent), but a few incidents have occurred in WinXP (last known in Windows XP Pro w/ SP2). 

Several versions of Firefox from the late 2.5 builds to the current have been affected, as well as versions of Flash from the same timeframe.