Firefox window constantly auto selected/autoraised, if running game at above URL - new in 3.6
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.2) Gecko/20100115 Firefox/3.6 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.2) Gecko/20100115 Firefox/3.6 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

I upgraded to firefox 3.6 and this problem appeared. I'm not sure which version I was running previously, but I tend to upgrade when prompted, so quite likely 3.5. So whatever the problem is, it's related to some recent change. 

When I have the java game at www.runescape.com running, no other firefox window is usable, because the game window constantly auto raises and auto selects. (One can use the mouse in other windows,  but it's almost impossible to direct keyboard input to any other browser window.) The game worked on previous versions of firefox, without this anti-social behaviour, so I conclude the change is in firefox. 

If the window containing the game is iconified, other browser windows become usable. 

If the game is in a tab, and some other tab of that browser window is selected, no problem occurs. Focus stays where I put it. 

Note that the re-focus on the game window isn't instantaneous, but it's almost always so fast that one cannot type anything in whatever other window one selects. Holding down the mouse button in a data entry box in some other browser window can sometimes allow one to successfully enter data into that other window, rather than having all keyboard input go to the game window.

Windows not belonging to firefox seem to be unaffected - The problem firefox window doesn't grab their input, and won't autoraise in front of them. I don't know enough about windows vista to know what this implies.

I suspect this behaviour is happening in conjunction with a redraw initiated by the game, i.e. it's redrawing its screen. I say this because the screen flickers noticeably when this occurs. But maybe that's the autoraise, happening even when the window is already on top.


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Open more than one browser window
2. Log into the game at www.runescape.com in one of these windows. (There other java pages don't have this problem). You need to go right into the game, not just the "lobby" to see the problem. 
3.Try to type in one of the other browser windows. Or overlap two windows, and select/raise a non-runescape window.  

It is possible this may be affected by specific game modes chosen. If so, you want what's now medium detail - highest of the low detail modes - in a resizable browser window. And most of the eye candy they offer should be enabled. 

Actual Results:  
The game window autoraises on top of the selected window, and consumes keyboard input.

Expected Results:  
The selected browser window stays selected.