New Web Pages Will Not Open In A New Window, Always Tabs; Also, Not Responding To Links in Emails & Webpages (may be related issue)
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2) Gecko/20100115 Firefox/3.6
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2) Gecko/20100115 Firefox/3.6

I prefer new web pages to open in a New Window instead of a new tab, but regardless of how the preferences and tab settings are checked or unchecked, tabs seems be the default way it works. Also, Firefox will not respond to links in emails (I am using Thunderbird only!). Clicking on a link in an email ,or even inside a web page, nothing happens. Mouse pointer never changes, but I can hear the hard drive doing something. But nothing happens. I have to cut and paste the link into a new TAB in order to go to the URL. And doing a FILE --> New Window does not work, but FILE --> New Tab does. I've tried every possible setting of the preferences\tabs settings, but nothing works. I've reinstalled Firefox and even tried restarting the machine from a complete power-off. No improvement.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Launch program.
2. Firefox running: Click on a link in an HTML email. Nothing happens.
3. At any website, click on a link somewhere in a page. Nothing happens.
Actual Results:  
1. Program starts normally and "appears" normal (I set it to come up in a blank page - I have no "home page" I go to at launch).
2. System never switches from the email to Firefox on the screen and it never goes to the page specified in the link. The only exception is if Firefox in NOT running. Clicking on a link in an email will launch Firefox and it will load and display the page specified in the link. But no further links are responded to.
3. Firefox just stays at the web site it's on, and remains on the same page.

It's like it never sees the mouse clicks on the links!

Expected Results:  
Firefox should switch to a new window (if Tab Mode is switched off) and travel to and load the new website page when a link is clicked in the body of an HTML email. And even in Tab Mode, it should load a new page in a new (or existing) tab.

This seems to never have worked right since this version was installed. And in the Tools\Options\Tabs settings menu, there is no check box provided that is clearly marked to implicitly turn tabs OFF and default to using Window Mode, which I prefer. I am forced to always use tabs. No matter how these settings are configured, this never works as one would expect.

I have my Windows XP Pro SP-2 configured in "Classic" mode so the UI appears like older Windows operating systems. I never liked the way Microsoft always forces system environmental changes on customers - I like it the way I became used to it. I have been using computers since the old DOS and command line UNIX days and new is not always better. Could my XP system settings be contributing to this issue?

All other aspects and features of Firefox works fine and I really prefer Firefox over any other browser.

Please advise any testing or experiments I can do to help the developers isolate and correct this problem. Seems more like a "goof" than a bug. But it is VERY annoying!