This is what happened when I updated Firefox in Vista Home Premium and Windows XP Pro
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.2) Gecko/20100316 Firefox/3.6.2
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.2) Gecko/20100316 Firefox/3.6.2

Note: I use Vista Home Premium SP2 as a host operating system, and I run Vista Ultimate, Windows XP Pro (with all SP's), and Ubuntu Linux 9.10 in a VMware Workstation. All operating systems worked normally as did Firefox until I updated Firefox to version 3.6.2.

Yesterday, I updated Firefox in Vista Home Premium to the latest version. After the update, Firefox went into a continuous loop while trying to access my home page. Then I used IE to download Firefox and tried the upgrade again. Same thing. It tries to load the home page and never stops. 
I uninstalled Firefox and downloaded it again using IE. The clean install worked perfectly. No problem.

Today, I upgraded Firefox in Windows XP Pro to the latest version of Firefox. During the upgrade install, Windows XP froze, locked up totally. I did ctrl+alt+del to exit XP, then rebooted. XP would not boot normally, but booted from a recovery point. I uninstalled Firefox and downloaded again and installed clean. Everything went smoothly and everything works normally now. 
As a side note, I have never had any problem with either operating system before. 
I'm only suggesting that something goes wrong during the update process, but nothing goes wrong during a clean install of the latest version of Firefox. It's no big deal, because it's still my favorite browser and it works great after a clean install.  
(Note: This is in response to an email I received saying that there was no way the update could cause an operating system to crash. I used Bugzilla to report the problem I had with Vista yesterday, 3-24-10, right after it happened.)
I've always used Mozilla software, since the first version of Netscape. 

 

Reproducible: Always