Firefox freezes when I try to log on to some websites, will not let me use buttons on webpages or some links, if I close tabs, it asks to save or quit even if only 1 tab is open, will not open program after this
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.9.2.3) Gecko/20100401 Firefox/3.6.3 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.9.2.3) Gecko/20100401 Firefox/3.6.3 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

All the details are at   https://support.mozilla.com/en-US/forum/1/639292#threadId640415

I have tried to log on to my accounts on ANZ and Colonial First State. I get the main web page, but when I click on the Log on button, nothing happens. Other buttons in the window don't work either.

Also, when I close down Firefox it doesn't seem to shut down properly even though I click on Quit and not to save the tabs that it says are open, even though none are open. When I restart Firefox, it tells me there were more tabs open and sorry that it can't find them. However, I had closed all the tabs before closing Firefox except my homepage one. 

When I click the Quit and Save button, even though there is only one tab open - having closed all the others - Firefox will not reopen when I click on the Icon on the desktop.

From another user


This same problem is happening to me. I use several sites that pop up windows for special uses through javascrip. Starting with Ff 3.6.3 they have all stopped working and unchecking the "block popups" option does not help.

I have also noticed that once Ff encounters this situation... i.e. blocks a popup, it stops working correctly. For instance Google on the bookmarks toolbar will no longer work and, when I close down Ff it can not be restarted. The latter is remedied by going to the Windows Task Manager, Processes tab, and locating Firefox and ending that process... Ff is not shutting down properly after this situation.

From another user

I have the same problem, and am forced to use IE7 when I need to access these sites. Is there an answer anywhere? 


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Go to www.ANZ.com where I have to log on and I can't
2. Go to www.colonialfirststate.com.au to Log on and I can't
3. Go to www.registries.com.au to log on and I can't  plus many more sites
Actual Results:  
Nothing happened

Expected Results:  
The site should have shown me, that once I had clicked the log on button, that it was searching for the next URL then brought up the next window to type in my log on details