Missing 2 javascript option boxes on juno - webmail compose page
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.3) Gecko/20100401 Firefox/3.6.3 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.3) Gecko/20100401 Firefox/3.6.3 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

Two (1 very important) javascript switch boxes are missing from the juno webmail COMPOSE page when under Firefox. This does not happen under IE. I have 2 .jpg files to illustrate the exact problem but you don't provide for attachments.

First one allows switching from writing "PLAIN TEXT" TO "HTML" and will alternately say "SWITCH TO HTML" AND "SWITCH TO PLAIN TEXT". The second is just a "WHAT'S THIS" to explain what the other switch is for.

Properties (under IE):
- Switch To Rich/Plain text - Address (URL) javascript:SubmitRequest('toggleEditorMode');
- What's this - Address (URL) javascript:top.gotoHelp('53');

Latest Firefox and Java installed: Using Firefox heavy for six months. On and off for 1 year before that. Problem may have always been there, but I noticed it a couple of months ago, and just found out that the problem does not exist under IE (so I have been using IE). Rich text was not, but is now important to me.

My screen shots illustrate problem and includes "Properties". If you want to see them, tell me how do I send them to you.
Thanks,
Bill

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Under IE log onto Juno webmail and click "COMPOSE"
2.Next line after "Copy message to sent folder" notice ">>Switch to Rich/Plain Text what's this?" 

3.Under Firefox, do the same as 1. above. Notice, no clickable items in same area.
Actual Results:  
The particular option switches exist under IE but not Firefox.

Expected Results:  
The particular option switches should exist under both IE and Firefox.

I am stuck in the plain text mode under Firefox.

Also note that I am using a different (the original) formatted screens for webmail. Juno is pushing a new one. This is optional. However, the same problem exists on either the new or old format of the screen.