Restoring a .JSON bookmark file returns "invalid file type error" (extension should be case-insensitive)
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.1; en-GB; rv:1.9.2.3) Gecko/20100401 Firefox/3.6.3
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.1; en-GB; rv:1.9.2.3) Gecko/20100401 Firefox/3.6.3

While Restoring a .JSON bookmark file it returns the following error "invalid file type"

You can fix the file very easy, the extension .JSON is by default saved as uppercase. Editing the .JSON to lowercase .json will give a perfect result, and when restoring the new .json lower in FireFox, you will receive a this will overwrite all bookmarks currently there. The message is by design, all bookmarks will be reverted to when you saved the .json..

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Edit and Organise Bookmarks and save with the extension .JSON
2. Save the .JSON file for future restoring of backups
3. Click bookmarks, click Organize, import and backup, click backup, backing up your current .JSON file, 
4. Restore the .JSON file , click Bookmarks, click Organize, import and backup, click restore, choose file, select the .JSON file you just backed up.. You will receive the following error "invalid file type"
Actual Results:  
Restore the .JSON file , click bookmarks,  Organize bookmarks, import and backup, click restore, choose, file, select the .JSON file you just backed up.. You will receive the following error "invalid file type"

Expected Results:  
Normal restoring/restore of bookmarks as of the effective date the current .JSON file was backed up .

To fix this issue, currently known to affect Windows Vista, Windows 7, and very likely Windows XP.. May how no affinity for Mac OS X, Linux, or other Unix and/or Linux distributions..

Renaming the file extension for example.JSON,  to example.json

You will notice the only change is that the file extension is now lowercase, Being uppercase seems to be what breaks it . "is rather trivial, but it works"