Last tooltip appears when hovering over chrome elements while holding down right or middle mouse buttons
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.3) Gecko/20100401 Firefox/3.6.3 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.3) Gecko/20100401 Firefox/3.6.3 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

If, after hovering over a page element in a page which has a tooltip associated with it (e.g., a Google holiday logo, an xkcd comic, any HTML element with a title attribute), a user then holds down the right or middle mouse button and hovers over a chrome element (e.g., the status bar, the menu bar, even the title bar), a tooltip will be displayed containing the text of the previously displayed tooltip.

The needlessly artistic though admittedly beautifully crafted illustration in the attachment above demonstrates a way by which a user might encounter this phenomenon in a real world situation. Provided also is a hypothetical internal monologue which might accompany said user at different stages of this experience:

Step 1) "This sure is an interesting holiday logo that Google has chosen to represent this particular holiday. I wonder what the occasion might be. Perhaps I will mouseover the logo and find out."

Step 2) "I'm afraid I must admit that I am not as well informed on this subject as I should be. Perhaps I will go to Wikipedia, whose pages are sufficiently long to warrant using the Autoscroll feature to navigate, and read more about this holiday so as to further my understanding of the culture I live in and indeed that of the world as a whole."

Step 3) "It appears that after activating the Autoscroll feature by pressing and holding the middle mouse button (the mousewheel) and subsequently hovering over a part of the chrome, specifically the status bar at the bottom of the window, I have caused a tooltip to appear containing the title text of the Google holiday logo which I had previous moused over and read the tooltip of. Certainly this is unintended behavior for the browser. It should be reported to the Mozilla developers, posthaste."

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Mouseover any HTML element with a title attribute on any page.
2. Remain on the same page or navigate to another page. While the mouse is over a part of the page which does not cause a tooltip to display, hold down either the middle or right mouse button. Note that this may or may not activate the Autoscroll feature depending on your browser's configuration.
3. While continuing to hold down the button depressed during step two (2), mouseover the status bar or another chrome element which does not normally have a tooltip associated with it. This should cause a tooltip to appear containing the same text as the tooltip seen in step one (1).
Actual Results:  
A tooltip was made to appear containing the same text as the tooltip seen in step one (1).

Expected Results:  
A tooltip should not appear.

This bug has been tested on Firefox 3.6.3 under both Windows XP and Windows 7, and in each case with both add-ons enabled and in safe-mode. The issue has been found to affect this product to the same extent in each of these situations.

This bug is of absolutely no foreseeable consequence.