Some email links spawn hundreds of empty tabs.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.5; en-US; rv:1.9.2.3) Gecko/20100401 Firefox/3.6.3
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.5; en-US; rv:1.9.2.3) Gecko/20100401 Firefox/3.6.3

This is an intermittent problem that I have now run into on two websites.

One is the email link at http://www.mtc.ca.gov/about_mtc/sitereportform.htm - not the form itself, but the email link at the end of the sentence "If you have a question or comment regarding anything other than  this Web site, please contact info@mtc.ca.gov."

The other is the contact link at http://www.bloodhoundsf.com/.  Because it is a flash-based site I can't drill down to the specific link, but going to "contact us" opens a page with three choices.  The center one, "send us a message," causes this problem also.

What happens is that when I click on the problem link on either page, rather than opening an email message via Gmail (which I have set as my preference), suddenly empty tabs start spawning at an incredibly high rate.  The only way to stop this is to quit out of Firefox and hope that the session gets saved.  Upon restart, opening the previous session does not continue spawning tabs but may result in dozens or even hundreds of empty tabs that have to be dismissed by hand.

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Find a contact/email link (happens with only some of them, not all).
2. Click on it.
3. Watch Firefox go mental and spawn tab after tab.
Actual Results:  
Empty tabs open in rapid succession and can only be stopped by quitting the browser.

Expected Results:  
Opened an email using Gmail as the mail client.

I don't use any themes.

Breakpad did not capture a crash report for this event, probably because I quit the application manually.  However it seemed to hang on exit, but force-quitting via command-option-escape brought up the Apple crash reporter, not the Mozilla one.

This looks like it might be similar to 406816; however that report was for a much older build of Firefox and has not been touched since 2008, and was a bug that occurred every time according to the report.