Any flash video i play freezes firefox, sometimes still hear sound.. TASK MANAGER FORCE QUIT firefox BUT then cancel when confirm unfreezes it... ONLY IN 3.6.6
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.6) Gecko/20100625 Firefox/3.6.6
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.6) Gecko/20100625 Firefox/3.6.6

Basically any flash video i load starts to play and freezes, firefox is completely frozen.. but if I CTRL + SHIFT + ESC , then force quit firefox, when it asks if i definately want to close firefox i say CANCEL and at the same time the firefox ARE YOU SURE YOU WANT TO QUIT pops up... if i leave it up then the video plays till the end.. if i hit cancel the video might freeze right away.. or it might freeze later on... 

so basically i watch the flash video by force quiting firefox and canceling the force quit from windows, but leave the firefox are you sure you want to quit and move it to where it doesnt sit in front of the video i am watching..


great mozilla i really love how your NO-CRASH firefox version is worse than ANY VERSION I EVER USED FROM YOUR COMPANY... i am already switched to chrome because this is just ridiculous.. like a mercedes or a bmw breaking down ... its not what the product is chosen for over the next.

WHACK!

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.go to www.break.com
2.click any video
3.as it loads my firefox freezes.
4.hit CTRL + SHIFT + ESC .. 
5.in applications tab click the firefox session that is frozen
6.hit END TASK
7. when confirmation pops up click cancel for the windows confirm
8. do not click cancel or yes in the firefox confirmation to close.. 
9. move the firefox confirmation away from the video 
10. finish watching video hit back button
11. click next video link
12. repeat all steps... 

ITS AWEFUL!!! 
Actual Results:  
FREEZE AND THEN UNFREEZE... SOMETIMES FREEZES RIGHT AWAY.. sometimes takes a few mins.. sometimes plays video all the way through

Expected Results:  
no freezing and in 2 minutes i can watch many videos, but with this firefox i can watch 1 video every 5 minutes because of all the steps... WHACK

not frozen, ran through the video and then allowed me to click buttons on the screen to use Firefox instead of look at it like its just an image on my monitor that isn't interact-able.