Firefox 4 killed my Mac with all the flash crashes
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.5; en-US; rv:1.9.2.6) Gecko/20100625 Firefox/3.6.6
Build Identifier: Mozilla (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.6; en-US) Firefox/4b1

Running OS X Snow leopard 10.6.4 on my Macbook Pro, and found a pretty bad problem. (being as detailed as possible)

I do not know if its just a combo of things- managed to crash flash in many ways over the week- youtube, hulu, chatroulette, etc. by dragging out tabs, just going to the site, or trying to click play...

but today, I went to craigslist and FF crashed when I clicked on photo/video, something weird happened (like when a game crashes and you see rapidly flashing elements on your desktop)

To make it clear, the flashing elements were caused by Firefox, not issues with the graphics card. 

and my cursor turned into a little white hand... you can see it if you hover your mouse on the google search/feeling lucky buttons on the google.com homepage
(only the cursor was smaller than the one on google)

Could not command+tab to get to the finder, cmd+option+esc didn't work, cmd+q didn't work, to be frank, nothing worked at all.
So i had to hard reboot, and ever since then, my SL 10.6.4 installation no longer boots, neither does safe mode (starting up by holding the shift key)
the gear will spin for a little while and then it just stops/freezes and there is no more hdd activity.

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. make flash crash by dragging out tabs, surfing youtube for a few hours
2. keep crashing flash over the course of a week
3. goto craigslist.com and hold command down to open a listing in a new tab
Actual Results:  
Firefox crashed the entire Mac OS (and reference details above)

Expected Results:  
Opened a new tab on craigslist

Was using the firefox B persona

http://www.getpersonas.com/en-US/persona/16

Running the latest version of flash- 10.1

Running the FF 4b1, the reason for missing Gecko info on the Build ID is that I'm running in OSX leopard to report this bug.