Flash dialogues go behind browser if focus is moved back to browser
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.2; en-US; rv:1.9.2.7) Gecko/20100713 Firefox/3.6.7 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.2; en-US; rv:1.9.2.7) Gecko/20100713 Firefox/3.6.7 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

Windows users are used to "Open file" and "Save file as" dialogues as being MODAL, meaning when these windows are open they can't access the application behind these windows.

I suspect that because of moving Flash into a separate process/thread/whatever (I'm not good at these terms), it's now possible for a user to click on a Flash button, have an Open file window open, click on some other tab (or simply some ads on the page hook on onClick and open a popup tab) and then the "Open file" dialogue dissapears - it actually goes behind the browser. 

This is confusing to users and some may think the page is not working because they don't see the action they wanted happening.

I'm not sure if this happened because of this issue because I couldn't replicate it but once, I clicked on a flash button, had "Open file" dialogue open, didn't notice it went behind the browser, clicked again and had a second Open file dialogue shown and selected a file that submitted the data and after the page reloaded I got the "some plugin crashed light yellow bar below the tabs", probably because one of those "open file" dialogues remained opened.

I see this behavior every time on shufuni.com's video upload form (shufuni.com/UploadVideo.aspx  WARNING, NSFW : it's erotic content youtube style site and free registration required).

The button to select a flash file "Browse" is a Flash object initialized using javascript - when it's clicked  a "Open file" window is opened but it's possible to go back to the browser and use other tabs and the dialogue goes behind the window completely

I can upload the source code of that page as viewed using "View source" if it helps.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
Visit one of the sites having upload file forms with Flash. 
Click the button to get a File open dialogue
Try to click again on the browser
Actual Results:  
When clicking again on the browser, the dialogue goes behind the browser. With other forms, even with some forms using Flash, the dialogue doesn't go behind the browser.

Expected Results:  
The dialogue should remain modal and block Firefox until a file is select, as Windows people are used..

Might be related to creating flash objects using Javascript or something like that because on other websites without Javascript created flash objects this doesn't happen.