when in email programs (either google or comcast) keys on screen go unresponsive (compose email/send email/attach)
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.8) Gecko/20100722 Firefox/3.6.8
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.8) Gecko/20100722 Firefox/3.6.8

this never happened before the upgrade that included personalized skins. When using email clients in the browser, originally it was just in google, (could not compose, button visually clicked, even would say loading, but never finished)and their help said they didnt know, but it was solved by using the classic mode. this worked for about a week, then that stopped too. so i started using my  comcast account. today that stopped functioning too (i couldnt attach a file), so i called comcast, spent 40 mins troubleshooting(was getting weird error messages that the tech had never seen), finally got smart and tried it w explorer, and no issues anywhere (google or comcast), so i uninstalled firefox and reinstalled.
Initially it fixed issues. Now i just attempted to send an email from comcast that was a reply, and it wouldn't send it, instead it navigated me away from the email program and back to comcast home page. went back in and sent same email as a new message and it sent, this time.
I am not a techie, so i apologize in advance for the simplicity of this explanation, and i will gladly speak to someone if they find it helpful. I did search for other reports of similar issues, but didn't find any. 

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1.attempted to create and or send email in different clients sites
2.buttons unresponsive, or preform other tasks than what is asked
3.does not seem to effect inbound reading or attachments
Actual Results:  
in first download version of this issue compose in google was unfunctional. with re down load, google allowed me to do what i need. comcast 1st version would not allow me to attach, new version allows that, but i cant send a reply email. but it did let me send a new email, it just redirected me to main comcast page


Thank you, I really thought I was going crazy, I hope you can find it, or teach me the fix