Mouse won't click;  will work normally after alt-tab x 2 - only until new window loaded
User-Agent:       Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 8.0; Windows NT 5.1; Trident/4.0; .NET CLR 1.1.4322; OfficeLiveConnector.1.3; OfficeLivePatch.0.0; .NET CLR 2.0.50727; .NET CLR 3.0.4506.2152; .NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.9.2.8) Gecko/20100722

My experience is matches first post here (but cannot find any associated bug report). 
http://support.mozilla.com/tiki-view_forum_thread.php?locale=ja&comments_parentId=649540&forumId=1
which appears in a Japanese forum. 
Key symptoms are:
The mouse doesn't appear to register clicks in the Firefox window (though you can move the pointer)  - but it can vary how much of the window is affected.  I have had it where the mouse simply doesn't work at all. OR where you can select and click menu items and tool buttons but not the links on the webpage.  
(NB in some instances even tne Windows toolbar at the bottom of the screen is
affected so you can't click those.  But this behaviour only happens in Firefox
- as soon as you alt-tab to another window everything works normally again.)

However, if you alt-tab out and then alt-tab back into Firefox, everything then works OK - but only until another you display another web-page, when the same problem re-emerges.  Makes Firefox unusable and I have been using it for 5  years.  Sad. Entering this from IE.
URL links are most affected and the links do not show up as links when you
hover over them (no tip, no  underline).

Have re-booted PC, reinstalled FF from fresh download - running 3.6.8. No
improvement.
I'm on Windows XP Professional fully up-to-date with automatic installation of
updates.
Problem has emerged today on wifi in parents' house - normally on wifi in my
own house or wired network. No software installed immediately before but did
recently install HTC Sync 3.0 for HTC phone.

Optical mouse in long-term use. Have tried different usb ports to no avail.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. start firefox (works normally at this point on my google home page)
2. go to new page (I do google search) 
3. hover over links and attempt to click 
4. alt tab to another application
5. alt tab back to Mozilla Fireox
Actual Results:  
at 3: 
a. when hovering over links, they do  not highlight as links and mouse pointer does not change
b. nothing happens when you click them 
after 5
mouse works normally unitl another  page is loaded.

Expected Results:  
normal operation - hand icon appears when hovering, click goes to requested page.

See also bug 548649 which shares some similarities re the affect of alt-tab