When going from http protocol to https I get a 'Connection Partially Encrypted'
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.6; en-US; rv:1.9.2.8) Gecko/20100722 Firefox/3.6.8
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.6; en-US; rv:1.9.2.8) Gecko/20100722 Firefox/3.6.8

Go the www.christmasnightinc.com click on a product and add it to the basket.  This is done by clicking the big 'I want it' button.  Then click on the green checkout button.  This is when the 'Connection Partially Encrypted' error appears.
Using the Live HTTP Headers plugin I can see there is get request of...

http://www.google.com/uds/stats?r0=el%7Cjquery&nc=1282768604742_7685


Which I believe is the reason for the error.
All other requests use the https protocol.  I know the form that is submitted on the basket page sets off back end processing that ultimately redirects the user the the https://www.christmasnightinc.com/checkout page.
I tried debugging this to see where in the process the GET request for the google stats url was being made, and it looks like as soon as the page is redirected the get call to google is made.

I'm having trouble figuring out if this is cache issue or just some weird bug.  
I've tried multiple times clearing the 'recent history' of firefox, but who knows if that actually gets rid of everything.

Finally, another thing I'm noticing is that the 'Connection Partially Encrypted' error appears to be time sensitive.  If you go to the basket and click on the checkout quickly the error occurs every time.  If you wait a minute the error does not occur.  Very unusual and only occurring in firefox.


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Go to http://www.christmasnightinc.com
2.Add an item to the basket by click on a product and click the big red 'I Want It' button.
3.Now you should be in the basket, click the green checkout button.
Actual Results:  
Page loads with 'Connection Partially Encrypted' Error

Expected Results:  
Page should load without any encryption errors