Session variables stored in cookies from ASP.net application are overridden with old (or highest previously stored) value
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US) AppleWebKit/533.4 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/5.0.375.127 Safari/533.4
Build Identifier: 3.6.8

When storing session variables in cookies using an asp.net 2.0 application (3.5 framework), Firefox 3.6.8 completely ignores newly stored session variables and returns variables from unknown cache? location. IE: session.add("TestID",21) in asp.net code behind passes number 21 in the sessionstate to a new page after redirecting in IE7, IE8, Chrome, Safari and Opera, however FireFox returns 25 on new page for session.item("TestID") (the number 25 having been stored as TestID in the session from days, weeks, even MONTHS earlier). Also, Firefox may occasionally return the correct number, 21 from the sessionstate, but upon a page refresh (F5), the strange phantom number 25 will ALWAYS override the newly stored number of 21. No manipulation of the cache or no-cache settings through the page headers or code behind, etc has any effect on this bug.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Create web application in ASP.net 2.0 (3.5 framework)
2.Add session variable (in cookie) using session.add("TestID",21) in code behind
3.Redirect FireFox to new page in code behind
4.Retrieve session.item("TestID") in code behind, result SHOULD be 21
Actual Results:  
Result will be anything OTHER than the number 21. The result will ALWAYS be the highest value previously stored for TestID session variable if the page is refreshed (F5).

Expected Results:  
session.item("TestID") should return number 21 stored in previous page code behind.

This is really disrupting my development efforts. I cannot believe such a glaring bug exists in your browser while IE7, IE8, Chrome, Safari and Opera do NOT display such a stupid bug. It is SERIOUSLY disrupting the function of my web application, and I am posting a warning for my site's users to avoid using FireFox because your browser is incompatible with session variables stored in cookies.