Export and Import of URL's during crash recovery
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10.5; rv:2.0b7) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0b7
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10.5; rv:2.0b7) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0b7

It would be so helpful if there were a way to export the list of URL's that get presented during a crash recovery. Along with the URL info, saving the window number, tab number, and groups/Panorama info would also be extremely helpful. Then along with this having the ability to import/export this same info from a currently running Firefox would be even better. The file would have the exact same structure of the entire state of the browser so it can be saved and restored. This would be helpful in saving different research environments, e.g. today I'm researching 25 different topics in 5 groups that I know I will need to return to next week, but in the mean time I have a completely different set of 30 topics in 6 groups that I need to do when I come in first thing tomorrow and having all these groups, tabs and/or windows puts too much load on the computer and consumes too much memory to be practical and effecient. The idea would also be great if you have a colleague who you would like to send this state of your browser so they can see how you came to a conclusion and if you both have the same browser state/setup it would make it so much easier to discuss the issues with each other.

The current crash recovery is a start, but it's currently limited to only letting you select or deselect the windows and tabs of the previous session to tell it which ones to start up this time. The ability to export this information plus the window/tab/group definitions that also existed when it crashed would go a long way in helping to document research scenarios. And then on top of that to have the complete ability to export and import these "browser state" files during the normal usage of Firefox would be even much more helpful.

Thanks...

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.N/A
2.
3.
Actual Results:  
N/A

Expected Results:  
N/A