Warning message from Flash player appears, then disappears before action can be taken."Adobe Flash Player has stopped a potentially unsafe operation."
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10.6; rv:2.0b8pre) Gecko/20101127 Firefox/4.0b8pre
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10.6; rv:2.0b8pre) Gecko/20101127 Firefox/4.0b8pre

A warning message, apparently from Flash Player, appears sometimes when changing websites.  The sites that trigger this seem random.  The message usually appears and disappears in under a second - too fast to take any action.  I did manage to click on settings once, which caused a new Facebook page to open at
http://www.facebook.com/?ref=logo#!/home.php?sk=lf
rather than displaying any settings.  It is unclear if the browser or Flash needs to be restarted.  Note that the problem occurs when yahoo mail is NOT open, but flash (or something else) seems to be trying to access a yahoo mail server.

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1.  Go to a bunch of web sites.  I've gotten it with a random selection of news.com, slashdot.org, nytimes.com, cnn.com, google, news.google.com, and facebook.com - however, which site triggers it seems inconsistent.  I've gotten it the most when switching to news.com.
2.  The warning message appears.  It reads:

(Title bar: Adobe Flash Player Security)

Adobe Flash Player has stopped a potentially unsafe operation.  The following local application on your computer or network:

[object]

is trying to communicate with this Internet-enabled location:

mail.yimg.com

To let this application communicate with the Internet, click Settings.  You must restart this application after changing your settings.

3. Window disappears in about 0.5 seconds - faster than it is possible to take action.
Actual Results:  
Warning message appears, then disappears.

Expected Results:  
No warnings.  Sites are harmless.  Flash behaves itself.  A potential problem in Minefield's interactions with flash doesn't exist.  Pie.