Remove redundant install delay (undo fix for Bug 162020)
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 5.1; rv:2.0b7) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0b7
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 5.1; rv:2.0b7) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0b7

The install delay was implemented in order to avoid a user accidentally clicking on the install button unknowingly while following an unscrupulous web designer's instructions. This delay is unnecessary with the advent of the two-click solution we use today.

On any site other than http://addons.mozilla.org, or a site the user specifically allows, a warning is issued when a site tries to install an extension. This warning is at a completely different place on the screen than where the install box pops up, and it is very unlikely for any user to accidentally click both spots in succession. And, on the Mozilla Add-ons website, the exploit is impossible without the site being hacked, as submitters and commenters have no way of controlling the position of items on the screen. However, I would not object to the warning becoming universal.

It was pointed out in Bug 162020 that a two-click solution was sufficient. It is also what all competing web browsers use, including those like Google Chrome that have just as high a security rating. Plus, as the number of people who download extensions to get around it prove, it is considered very annoying to a large base of users. The javascript engine included in all versions of Firefox is more risky that this fix,

The only purpose it serves is to give people a false sense of security. With the advent of Firefox 4 around the corner, it would be nice if we would move with the times and use the more modern, less frustrating solution which has (mostly) already been implemented, rather than keep a useless security measure for our peace of mind.

Thank you.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Try to install an extension.
2. Get a warning, click allow
3. Still have to wait 3 or more seconds to Install.
Actual Results:  
See above

Expected Results:  
No delay--the two click solution is sufficient.