Session Restore misses entire windows and/or uses old sets of windows
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.13) Gecko/20101203 Firefox/3.6.13 GTB7.1 ( .NET CLR 3.5.30729; .NET4.0C)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.13) Gecko/20101203 Firefox/3.6.13 GTB7.1 ( .NET CLR 3.5.30729; .NET4.0C)

I had been using Ffx 3.6.6 until a few hours ago, when I upgraded to Ffx 3.6.13. I usually have 3 to 5 windows open with anywhere from 5 to 40 tabs in each window; I realize this is quite a load, but it never caused this issue until recently.  When I want to close FFx, I go to File/Exit so that Session Restore will re-open my same tabs, along with keeping their history. About 2-3 weeks ago, I noticed that Session Restore did not restore my tabs as they were at closing, but rather reverted to the previous Restore data (call it Set A, multiple windows). Sessionstore.js was showing an updated "modified" date/time, so it appeared to be updating, but it was not.  Then last week, I had a hard time shutting down and upon restarting my pc, I got three error codes which I let open informational tabs in FFx (set B, single window).  After that point, every restore seem to "nest" the previous restore under it -- e.g. the window that opened with that informational tabs also had an "Oops we can't load" tab with the previous restore data I'd been getting for over a week.  Then when I had one more FFx crash, the Session Restore opened a window with an "Oops" tab and only some of the informational tabs (set C, single window) - that "oops" tab showed me the tabs of Set B, including that window's Oops tab; I was able to restore B from inside C, and then I could restore A from inside B...so it took 3 restores to get to my three-week old tabs!  

Earlier today, I upgraded from 3.6.6 to 3.6.13, and I was able to get those same tabs from multiple restores on the first load of 3.6.13. In trying to see if sessionstore.js had uncorrupted, I closed FFx once more.  This time, only the "Firefox Updated" tab came up on the Oops page -- argh!  Fortunately I did a tab folder about a week ago for the windows, so I opened those tab sets into separate 4 windows, just having to forgo history and anything I'd opened/surfed to in the past week.  To test again, I waited about 10 minutes after every tab had loaded, then closed out Ffx.  When I launched FFx this time, I got an Oops page that only showed 2 of the 4 windows, and listed a 3rd window with just one tab of my Home page (as it loaded when I opened that window before going to Favorites and asking it to load a folder).  Are all of these problems from the same cause???

I have also noticed that when I close FFx, although the windows themselves close quickly, it often takes 30+ seconds for firefox.exe to disappear from Task Manager.  Is this related to having so many tabs open?  And would this delayed close of .exe be causing the issue of Set A not updating for so many days?

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Launch several windows of Ffx, each with more than 5 tabs
2. Close Ffx (File/Exit)
3. Re-launch Ffx
Actual Results:  
The "Oops" page does not show the most recent tab sets, but rather a much older set of tabs that has since been altered.

Expected Results:  
The "Oops" tab wold show the most recent tabs open before Ffx was properly closed...or all the tabs would just open.

I'm calling Severity=Medium instead of Normal because Session Restore is a major feature of Ffx.