during session restoration, window tab list is incorrectly written as empty to sessionstore.js
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 5.2; WOW64; rv:2.0b12) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0b12
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 5.2; WOW64; rv:2.0b12) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0b12

The issue happened to me when upgrading from 4.0b11 to 4.0b12, although the issue probably has nothing to do with the update system.

1. I had 15 windows open in 4.0b11, each having many tabs open.
2. Firefox prompts me to restart to upgrade to 4.0b12 and I accept.
3. The upgrade fails because the Firefox process was, for some reason, still running when the updater started.
4. Firefox 4.0b11 goes on with the restoration of my 15 windows.
5. During restoration I kill the Firefox process so that I can restart it with 4.0b12. Before I killed it the 15 windows were (AFAICT) all open, but the tabs were not fully loaded.
6. When starting Firefox again, the update to 4.0b12 occurs successfully.
7. But only 2 of the 15 windows have been restored!

Expected result: all 15 windows should have been restored.

I immediately made a copy of sessionstore.js and sessionstore.bak. Both of them were valid JSON files (not truncated).

sessionstore.js only held the 2 windows, aside from some _closedWindows that I had closed myself in the previous session and were therefore not relevant.
sessionstore.bak held all 15 windows. Unfortunately, for each of the lost windows the "_closedTabs" and "selected" field were complete and correct, but the "tabs" entry was an empty array. It was usually true that "w.selected > w.tabs.length", which doesn't make much sense.

I could understand data loss on JSON truncation. But here, it was clear that a serialization command was issued even though the session restore data was in an incomplete state. And because the data *looked* valid, it caused a silent override of the old backup file, leading to irremediable data loss.

I'm not familiar with the session store low-level architecture, but here a few solutions I can think of:
1. Never write sessionstore.js if it would lead to write a "tabs" entry containing less tabs than the actual number of shown tabs.
2. If a tab is shown in a window's tab bar, it MUST be written to the "tabs" entry of the corresponding window, even if some data about it will be incomplete (such as the title).
3. Keep an extra backup of sessionstore.bak to allow manual restoration in similar situations.

Solution 1 could be a bit dangerous because it could lead to sessionstore.js never being written if a tab remains in an incomplete state forever.

If feasible, the best way would be to implement both solution 2 and solution 3: solution 2 solves this specific bug transparently for the user, and solution 3 is a safeguard against data loss for any similar bugs that could happen in the future.


I'm flagging this as critical since this is a data loss issue and Firefox has, in my experience, always been very careful about ensuring session data is kept even in the case of crashes or forceful termination.

Reproducible: Didn't try