Recently closed tabs and windows are never deleted when history is deleleted
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.0; rv:2.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.0; rv:2.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0

This bug only seems to occur once the session gets a little older. About a week is enough for the bug to trigger.

You can only see that it triggered when you finally notice that the lists of Recently closed tabs and windows cannot be cleared anymore using the "remove all history" pannel (CTRL+SHIFT+SUPPR), even with all options selected.

The only way I found to wipe these two lists is to delete the entire session.

Expected behaviour: The user has a session opened with many tabs and Panorama tab groups. He is privacy concious though, and he frequently deletes his tracks using CTRL+SHIFT+SUPPR. This includes all history and previous navigation, however he did kept all these tabs opens, which means he does not want them deleted; He wants their URLs to keep being stored in sessionstore.js along with their order, the tab group they belong to as well as their window.
By keeping these tabs open while clearing all history, he expects ALL data to be erased, of any kind, except what is stated above.


Recently closed tabs and windows, also stored within sessionstore.js, stops being erased after the bug occur and until the session is just wiped entirely.


(Eventual bug that is unrelated: Panorama's cache can't seem to be cleared with regular cache (?) )


Finally, I don't know what triggers this bug.
For information, I have cache and history disabled and only rely on the "recently closed ___" list to get back to lost tabs. I set it so that 30+ tabs are remembered (default is 10) and 6 windows (default is 3).

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Keep using the same session for a week or so
2. Close firefox and your computer every day
3. Notice how at some point, recently closed tabs and windows stop being deleted with other private data
Actual Results:  
Stuck with a large list of recently close items

Expected Results:  
I clear my private data, they should vanish with everything else but my CURRENTLY opened tabs and windows and their organization in Panorama (only the URLs are stored, previous page/next page/cache/anything related to them should vanish)

I'm using the default theme, and AdBlockPlus, NoScript and CookieMonster as addons.

A couple more addons are installed but disabled. Plugins are the bare minimum, nothing fancy.