View Frame Source returns source of default frame, not current displayed frame
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10.6; rv:2.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10.6; rv:2.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0

I have been experiencing this problem in Firefox 4;"View
Frame Source" returns the source of site's default frame, not the current
displayed frame.  I was editing an old site that relies heavily on frames.  When I attempted to view source on one of the frames, it brought up the source for the wrong page. It seems to bring up the source for the first page in the frame, even after subsequent content has been accessed.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. open the simple site http://www.nbrmta.com.
2. press the Membership tab in the menu to display join.html.  
3. right-click in the frame
4. select This Frame > View Frame Info
5. right-click in the frame
6. select This Frame > View Frame Source

Actual Results:  
1. site will open with about.html as default content of frame
2. content of frame will change to display join.html
3. right-click menu displays
4. FireFox will open pane displaying info for join.html
5. right-click menu displays
6. Firefox will open source window containing about.html source

FireFox will opens an info pane for join.html, as expected, but will open a source window containing about.html, where it should contain
the source for join.html.  At this stage, about.html is not being displayed, so should not be available as source.

Expected Results:  
Steps 1-5 behave as expected
Step 6: Firefox should open source window containing join.html source, as about.html is no longer being displayed anywhere.


This happens with each site I have tested so far where the site uses frames, although I admit I have not had the opportunity to test extensively.  I must also note that this behaviour was not present in FireFox 3.6 or earlier, and seems to have shown up in FireFox 4.  In order to view source of subsequent frame content, I had to open the frame in a new tab and access the source from that tab instead.