Allowing users to choose install language from the stub installer
I am missing an option to specify the installed language. Yes, we allow the user to choose language from the website, but users tend to miss it because it is not visible enough and in order to change the language they are sent to a page with a huge list of operating systems and languages (all.html).

I'd suggest giving the user the ability to change the language of the installed product from the installer itself. Following is a user scenario which I've seen already few times in user support forums:

a. User is located in France but actually is not a fluent French speaker. 
b. User go to mozilla.com in order to download Firefox, redirected to mozilla.org/fr because of geolocation or other parameters, and is greeted by a big green download button.
c. User is not spend time reading the whole page and tiny texts and click on the download button. 
d. User is seeing French texts on the installer, but continue the installation because he thinks that he'd get the opportunity to change UI language right after the installation would complete. 
e. User is launching the application on the first time and seeking for option to change UI language. 
f. Before user gives up, he searches for answer in search engine or go to support forums and asks for help.
g. User understand he should re-download the application, which makes him anger, and he afraid to lose his browser history. 


The situation is even worse in locations were there is more than one language in major use such as Belgium for example. 


I know that the list of languages is very long and it won't be the best to let the user chose language, but here is my suggestion:

• The website links to stub installers for each locale.
• The stub installer allows the user to chose installation folder etc., and there is a dropdown list allowing the user to change installed language.
• Language chooser defaults to the language the user chose from the website ("default language"), and contain list of the most common languages for that region (see below) and by default will be the same as the stub language.
• Language parameter is sent in the full installation download URL, so even if the stub installer is in French, it might install an English application. 


As for 'list of common languages for a region', we can use the metrics data to determine which languages are the most 5 common for a region, and make it possible to override the list in order to promote new locales or better defaults. The last item in the list should be 'Other languages' which will link the user how to obtain these binaries.