Provide the remainder of the old BarTab functionality
Current versions of Firefox have the ability to either delay loading of saved tabs until the tab is switched to, or load only a few tabs at a time ("cascaded session restore"). When the first versions of this feature was first announced, it was referred to as a "built-in BarTab":
http://zpao.com/posts/cascaded-session-restore-a-hidden-bonus/

However, BarTab also included a variety of other behaviors, some of which are not present in any version of Firefox I have observed. Their absence is a major usability limitation for people who had gotten used to them in BarTab, and to the best of my awareness, there is no adequate replacement for them (via add-on or any other means) in any Firefox version.

These behaviors include:

* A clear visual indication of which tabs are loaded and which are not. (Done in BarTab by dimming, or perhaps partly graying out, the tab title and favicon.)

* The ability to manually unload tabs - or more generally, to control which tabs are and are not loaded at any given time. (Done in BarTab by "Unload Tab" and "Unload Other Tabs" context-menu entries, when right-clicking on a tab.)

* The option to switch to the nearest unloaded tab (if any exist in the current window), rather than to an immediately adjacent tab, when the current tab is closed.

For those who use them, these behaviors can be just as core to the usefulness of BarTab as the delayed-tab-loading feature itself, and having only that one feature without these others feels generally crippled. Speaking for myself (and for at least one of my siblings, who is currently raging over the UI changes resulting from a forced, unnaounced upgrade to Firefox 12), the absence of these behaviors is the major thing pinning me to Firefox 3.x.

As the cancellation of BarTab - and hence the fact that these features are no longer available from that source - is due to the incorporation of the delayed-tab-loading feature into Firefox, it seems reasonable to request that these features be likewise so incorporated.

Please restore this lost functionality.

(If it would be appropriate to file one bug for each of these behaviors, rather than tracking them all under the single request, I would be willing to do so. I have requested them all in one place because they *are* in fact tied together, by virtue of being former BarTab functionality.)