Firefox occasionally goes into partial-freeze mode, disabling keyboard and buttons
This is a bug that I have been observing for many months now, and still haven't gotten it down to a specific test case with precisely known and reproducible starting conditions.  It appears to happen randomly but generally only after Firefox has been open for a while - making it hard to reproduce.  

I will describe the symptoms here in the event that anybody else can help diagnose or suggest possible causes, and add information to this bug as it becomes available.

In the partial-freeze mode, Firefox works as normal with the following exceptions:
(A) Text Entry: Keystrokes are rarely passed through to the field where the cursor is.  A small fraction, perhaps around one in ten, make it into the web form field, address bar, search bar, or add-on interface window, and the rest are ignored.  To type, one must either press each key a large number of times, often winding up with several keystrokes that never registered but more than one that did in quick succession at the end.  Alternatively (and this is my preferred strategy, in writing this bug report for example), one could type into Notepad or a word processor (which works perfectly fine), copy that text, and paste it in.

(B) Keyboard copy operations (CTRL+C) generally do not work.  

(C) Certain buttons do not work - for example, New Tab.  The workaround to this is to click on a link in an external program, or middle-click on a webpage link, which opens fine in a new tab as usual, and then paste the desired address in the address bar or navigate using a shortcut button (like Home)/bookmark/recent history item.

(D) Dialog interface buttons don't work.  
Examples: D1: Save or Replace Session or even Cancel in the Session Manager add-on interface window, while the X in that window works. Menu items to bring that interface window up work fine.
D2: The Software Update window still comes up but the interface buttons buttons (Ask Later or Update Firefox) do nothing; X closes the window.  (The release notes link also does nothing).
D3: Bringing up the Options menu, the OK/Cancel buttons there work.  

Mouse-based browsing works fine.  The browsing works pretty well, including embedded videos (e. g. from YouTube).  This mode is pretty stable and it can continue like this for days, not having a partial crash followed a few minutes later by an all-out crash.  

Because it happens so rarely / is hard to reproduce, and because I consider certain add-ons to be core functionality, I have not tried to reproduce this in Safe Mode.  

The workaround is to open Task Manager, kill the Firefox process, and restart Firefox. 

Please do not close this quickly WORKSFORME (like Bug 659212, which may be a duplicate) or INCOMPLETE simply because the bug is hard to reproduce.  I have observed it many, many times over a long period, and have spent many hours trying to nail down the particular causes. If you know what might be causing this, or have some ideas of things to test next time it happens, please note them in the comments.  Thank you.