Fire Fox crashes XT
User Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 5.1; rv:22.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/22.0 (Beta/Release)
Build ID: 20130618035212

Steps to reproduce:

1) I had about 3-4 dozen tabs in two windows when FF 22 1st crashed.  This is not the bug I am reporting.  Just step one to reproduce.  
2) I restarted FF and got the restore session screen.  I clicked the restore button.  The restore looked like it was starting but a little over one second later XT crashed black screen.
3) I repeated step 2) above first starting other programs like IE, My computer, MagicJack in various combinations before step 2) to assure myself that XT was not the problem bug  that those programs were working,  When I first tried to enter google.com in IE IE reported could not load site and gave me the the networking and local area  troubleshooting wizard.  The networking and local area troubleshooting wizard reported that http and https were working but that ftp was not working. Next in IE I searched for Google using IXquick https clicked on it and got google just fine still in IE.   FF worked by calling up a new tab making that new tab active not the Restore Session Tab.  that is how I am able to report this bug.  


Actual results:

After other programs proved XT working clicking restore in Restore session tab crashed XT within about a second half a dozen different times.  XT was rebooted sometimes twice just to be sure in between those half a dozen XT crashes.  

Next I clicked start a new session instead of restore in the Restore session tab.  And It looked like it was starting to work but XT crashed in about one second same as with clicking restore.

The exit to black screen is crisp, no transition screens nor apparent delays while XT considers or lets applications go through a closing process, that is after the second or so of abnormal FF restore session screens.

Once clicking restore in the restore session tab started acting up by sending me to blackscreen once, there have no exceptions, clicking restore or start a new session always crashes XT to black screen in about a second.


Expected results:

Before today, clicking restore restored the last session, while clicking start a new session started a fresh session.