No titlebar context menu in after a right-click
User Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; WOW64; rv:25.0) Gecko/20130726 Firefox/25.0 (Nightly/Aurora)
Build ID: 20130726040203

Steps to reproduce:

Right-click the titlebar


Actual results:

Nothing


Expected results:

One of the following two context menus should have appeared, depending on if I right-click high or right-click low on the titlebar:

1. The system context menu (Restore, Move, Size, Minimize, Maximize, Close)
2. The context menu containing the options for Menu Bar and Bookmarks Toolbar (and Customize)

Note: this began happening after the most recent update for 2013-7-26. Previously, depending on where I right-clicked on the titlebar, I could get either the system menu or the Firefox menu. Now I get nothing.

Another note: I have 11 tabs open. If I right-click in the tiny space above the empty space on the far right (immediately to the left of the Minimize, Maximize, Close buttons), then I can get the system menu or the Firefox menu depending on where I click. However, having just 1 tab open results in not getting a menu at ALL no matter where I right-click.

Final note: The convenience is, I can just right-click anywhere on the titlebar and choose either 'Close' or just press 'C' (my left hand is usually on home row). I know about Alt+F4 and I do use that from time to time, but when I'm getting ready to close Firefox (UX Nightly), my right-hand is usually on the mouse. So, right-clicking the titlebar and choosing Close or pressing C is far more convenient. It's even more convenient than aiming at the red X. Although, if this is an intentional design change that will not be reverted, then I suppose that I could just get used to middle-clicking the Taskbar preview instead because my preferred setting is to have just one preview instead of one for each tab.

Still, I can't imagine that I'm the only one who closes windows by right-clicking the titlebar and choosing Close or pressing C. I mean, by not having this context menu, it instantly becomes inconsistent with Windows. Furthermore, the Firefox context menu needs to be there as well.