noticeable memory leak when letting browser run for >20 h
User Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.0; rv:23.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/23.0 (Beta/Release)
Build ID: 20130814063812

Steps to reproduce:

i visited facebook.com using https access and maybe a bit of flash animation&video playback for a longer period of time, e.g. >20h.
the initial footprint (virtual size, measured by sysinternals process explorer) was some 700 MB.
the footprint seemd to steadily grow whilst surfing and whilst just letting the machine run in absence of an operator. (facebook is re-loading the advertisements, lets the chat windows receive new messages and the wall gets updated any few minutes)
surfing in gallerys and albums and on image intense facebook profile walls seems to be able to raise the problem more quickly.


Actual results:

the memory footprint grew and grew and grew with only small drop backs.
the memory footprint then reached 1,8 GB of memory.
finally the memory footprint went close to even 3 GB (i am having enlarged the user space to something bigger in the system and firefox can use it - but i had the problem even before i tried that tweak.).


Expected results:

i would like to find out what is the root cause of that memory growth.
i dont know which means i can apply to find the area where those memory leak is located. hints are welcome.
i am not sure if a facebook page reload via the address bar does have much impact
other than starting with a short page again.
i indeed would like to have more information and control. but as of now i think that not even a force reload with clear of local caches will have any noticeable impact on the memory footprint.
the whole amount of memory that is used up makes me really wonder where that does come from. i found no way to track down its root cause...
even killing the flash container did not release much of memory - so it must be from somewhere else - from the ad-ons or from the cache management or from the bunch of scripting in that page. and the problem does not improve if anything open in tabs is reloaded...