The redirected address is hidden in the History — Regression
I have Firefox 23.0.1 on Mac.

I go the address www.getfirefox.com : the original address.

I am silently redirected to a more complicated address : the final address.

Note that Firefox does not ask, neither warn, me, about this redirection, even though I have ticked the pref “Warn me when web sites try to redirect or reload the page”.

In the History, I don't see the address www.getfirefox.com , I have only the final address.

This is a regression. In older Firefox, I had both addresses in the History. I think it is best to have both. There are different use cases, some where one needs the original address, and some where it is nice to have the final address.

In Safari, I have the original address in the History.

The behaviour of Firefox is even inconsistent now. When I type “firefo” to search in the History, now I have the original address and the final address ! This is weird. A “filter” giving me more results than no filter. What kind of filter can that be ? This is confusing. Software doing cryptic things like this make me think of Microsoft.

This problem is really bad when it comes to disappeared pages which are redirected to the home page of the site. Quite many sites do that, especially news sites, ads sites, dating sites, forums. I am interested in a story. I go to its address. For whatever reason, the site silently redirects me to its home page. Note that Firefox does not ask, neither warn, me, about this redirection, even though I have ticked the pref “Warn me when web sites try to redirect or reload the page”. Later, I go to the History. The address of the home page is of no use to me. What I need is the address I had requested, but it is not shown. If Firefox showed me this original address, I could : 
 1) Understand what happened.
 2) Know what I have missed.
 3) Decide whether I am really interested enough in the story, and, if yes, look for the story in another way.

Please put back the full History. Thank you.

Nicolas