new browser window steals keyboard focus
User Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Linux x86_64; rv:24.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/24.0 (Beta/Release)
Build ID: 20131030130209

Steps to reproduce:

From an xterm in the right-hand half of the screen, I use CLI to open a new Firefox browser window.  This is using Mageia 2, X (of course), and a keyboard focus policy of focus follows cursor (not M$'s braindead click-to-focus method).  Thanks to devilspie, the new browser window opens in the left-hand half of the screen.  The mouse cursor remains in the xterm in the right-hand half of the screen.  (Right-hand vs. left-hand is probably not relevant to the root cause of the bug and is only mentioned here to make the description clearer.)

This is not a devilspie-specific issue, because it happens 100% of the time, even in those cases where the window would have initially opened in the left-hand half of the screen.  (My use of devilspie is a workaround for a Mozilla/Firefox bug filed many years ago and never fixed.)

Perhaps related is a somewhat similar but slightly less severe misbehavior that started several months ago on the series of Firefox versions used by Mageia 2.  Starting several months ago, with the download manager window open and a download in process, the instant the download finished, the mouse cursor would be warped to the download manager window, so if I was typing away in another window, the download manager window would suddenly start receiving those keystrokes.  (A Control-W would, of course, close the download manager window.)



Actual results:

The new Firefox window steals keyboard focus from the xterm.  The mouse cursor remains where it was in the old xterm window.  However, the xterm's title bar goes dark, indicating it has lost keyboard focus.  A Control-W typed at this point will close the new browser window.  This is new misbehavior with firefox-24.1.0-1.mga2 not seen one day earlier with firefox-17.0.9-1.mga2.  To get keyboard focus back following the cursor, I must move the cursor across a window boundary and then back where I want the cursor.



Expected results:

Keyboard focus should have remained on the window with the mouse cursor in it, which behavior was seen with  firefox-17.0.9-1.mga2.