Sync data not removed from local machine when sync account is disconnected
User Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; WOW64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/33.0.1750.154 Safari/537.36

Steps to reproduce:

Now, my issue divided into 2 phases and at the end I will point out the issue that I want to describe.

Phase 1-

       This phase includes the first two parts of the life of any          item during the sync i.e. to the cloud, and in the cloud; that how its implement in the Mozilla Firefox using sync facility.

        (a1). Launch Mozilla Firefox browser.

        (b1). Tools --> set up sync… --> create an account.

                                   Or

                Tools --> options --> sync --> set up Firefox sync --> create an account.

         (c1). Fill account details --> next.

         (d1). Tools --> options --> sync --> signed in as “your email id”.

         (e1). Tools --> options --> sync --> manage --> my recovery key --> save.                                                        

      Now, suppose that you are a user (teacher) who required working on more than one computer throughout the day as moving into the different classes. So now it’s the beauty of Firefox sync that we can access the synced information anywhere as going through the “phase-1” again, but as we know that we are using a computer system that we have to leave after sometime so we have to disconnect over email account from it that we will discuss in “phase-2”.

Phase 2- This phase includes the third part of the life of any          item during the sync i.e. from the cloud; that how its implement in the Mozilla Firefox using sync facility.

         (a2). Tools --> options --> sync --> unlink this device

         (b2). After step (a2) a message displayed-

 

This device will no longer be associated with your Sync account. All of your personal data, both on this device and in your Sync account, will remain intact.

                                     Unlink                         cancel

        

     Now click on “unlink” button will disconnect your email account from Mozilla Firefox browser.

            (c2). Firefox --> history/bookmarks

                                     Or

 Tools --> options --> security --> saved passwords --> show passwords


Actual results:

 You have seen that the information synced by that user (teacher) still in this computer, the information includes saved passwords which will be downloaded in the computer during the syncing of account. As a copy backed up into the cloud will be downloaded in this computer during the sync process and this is a major security threat in the process of sync.


Expected results:

 Now, to resolve this issue we have two choices-

(i)              Either we have to delete all the history, bookmarks, settings, saved passwords, preferences etc. one by one.(which is so complex and awkward process).

(ii)           Or we have to provide a functionality that whenever user (teacher) leave the system a pop-up is to be display that inform the user that-                                                                                                             

 

   The data you synced to this computer is still in the computer you want to delete them all or you can choose, what to delete using advance delete option.

  Yes                   

 

   No

 

   By which when user click on "yes" button it will delete those information otherwise select "no".

This is the way how we can increase the security element of sync in mozilla- firefox.