Investigate why using the "Forget About This Site" context menu item in the Library refocuses the browser the first time you use it (Windows-only?)
Created attachment 8477776
ForgetHistoryBug.gif

User Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; WOW64; rv:31.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/31.0 (Beta/Release)
Build ID: 20140716183446

Steps to reproduce:

Every time i select a Site Entry - a site i visited listed in the History ( Library ) window - to make Firefox forget about it by Right Clicking on this Entry and Clicking "Forget About This Site"; the Site Entry is indeed deleted as expected but soon after, the History ( Library ) window looses focus and the Main Firefox windows come back in front of it ( the History ( Library ) window.).

PS1. I saved a GIF Animation of the behavior described bellow, for those that prefer visuals rather than text; just save the attached gif file to your computer and drag it into your browser window ;)

PS2. A you will see on the animation, at first it seems i Alt + Tab out of the History ( Library ) window, i did no such thing, this is the Bug's doing. I did Alt + Tab back, after thats not the Bug.

PS3. Usually i manually delete sites from the history, directly from the History ( Library ) window instead of deleting sites using the Clear All History window ( Accessible by pressing Shift + Ctrl + Delete ) this led me to notice a very annoying behavior ( which is why i am reporting this since it's probably a bug ).


Actual results:

At this point i have the Main Firefox window in focus and the History ( Library ) window on the background. I know i can simply Alt + Tab back to the History ( Library ) window, but since this behavior only happens on the VERY FIRST time i use the "Forget About This Site" option, it seems to me it's more of a Bug rather than a Feature of Firefox.

Meaning, the first time in a Firefox Session that i use the "Forget About This Site" option, the History ( Library ) windows, looses focus. I Alt + Tab back to it, select any other Site entry to "forget", and as soon as i click "Forget About This Site" the site is deleted and i remain in the History ( Library ) window.

It then, DOES NOT loose focus from the Second time i use the "Forget About This Site" option onwards.

Meaning that, i think this is a Bug, since only on the first time i use the function in a Firefox Session the focus on the History ( Library ) window is lost.


Expected results:

If this behavior were to be considered a Feature ( A Firefox Default behavior ) i suppose that every time i clicked "Forget About This Site", the History ( Library ) window should loose focus and the way it is right now, focus is lost only the first time i use the option. Or inversely, every time i clicked "Forget About This Site", the History ( Library ) window should NEVER loose focus, and the way it is right now, focus is lost only the first time i use the option. Never from the second time i use the option, onwards.