spoofing risks in social activation doorhanger
The social activation doorhanger embeds page content in the middle of a sentence, a known spoofing risk. In English the prompt reads

   Would you like to enable services from <name> to display
   in your <ShortBrand> toolbar and sidebar?

In bug 1029942 comment 27 Shane notes that we already use the name in a number of places such as menu items and in about:addons. However those are contexts where the name stands alone. Embedded in a sentence this allows a malicious page to get creative and use the sentence structure to endow authority or mislead about who's asking. E.g.:

   Would you like to enable services from <Mozilla that prevent
   websites from tracking you, and> to display in your
   <ShortBrand> toolbar and sidebar?

Not great (Nigerian-spam quality grammar; I'm sure Jesse could come up with something better) but I hope that gives a taste of what's possible. Keep web-supplied values contextually separate from the prompt (Bonus: this is easier for localization, too).

Off the top of my head (i.e. plenty of room for improvement):

  This website offers enhanced services that can display
  in your <ShortBrand> toolbar and sidebar. Would you like
  to enable them?

  Service: <name>
  Homepage: <url>

That brings us to the second problem: Website A can claim to be installing services for B while actually installing services for C. By not showing the URL for which we're adding the service we've created a phisher's dream. For example: from our activation site (mozilla.net) I installed what the site /said/ was GMail. Since I often flush my cookied the first thing that happened when I clicked on the "Share" button was a panel claiming to be google in web content wanting me to give it my password. I have no idea whether what got installed was GMail, and having installed it I have no idea who was really behind that password prompt.

OK, so everyone trusts Mozilla and we're not going to do anything evil from our activation page -- it's probably the real GMail. But what about some other random page? If I'm on trusted Foo.com and it asks to install services for itself I can probably trust that, too -- why would they lie? Unless, of course, they were hacked or I'm on an insecure (http) connection to it. But if I'm on some "fan" site for a service the average user has no way to know whether it's an evil fan or not.

Gotta show the origin somewhere.

(and of course when you show the origin watch out for scumbags who create really long domains hoping bits get truncated: www.facebook.com.social.I.hope.this.is.cut.off.evil.com. eTLD+1 can be misleading, but if bits get truncated it might be safer than the truncation. If you do truncate, chop from the front not the middle.)

But then we might show the "homepage" field, and it might not match the actual service origins. Does the API force the important URLs to be same-origin? The Icons probably don't matter (or at least we should make an exception to allow data:) but the services should match the homepage. Or the services should match each other, and we show /that/ origin on the dialog, saving the homepage field for the addons manager.