Images not appearing or suddenly disappearing
User Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; rv:37.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/37.0
Build ID: 20150326190726

Steps to reproduce:

Open a tab with any site (yahoo, facebook, etc.) that has images. It will load fine. With that tab open, open a new tab and on that new tab go to this link:

http://goo.gl/ctg4Jm

It will open the chat that you see on the screen below

http://imgur.com/FUpbpV4

Scroll down on the chat to see the older messages, keep scrolling down till the images on the messages aren't showing (white space where there should be a image as seen on the screenshot. some times can take longer to happen and some times happens quickly), make sure to keep scrolling a bit more even after the images start to be missing.

Then switch to the other tab you opened and you will see that most of the images on it are missing now as shown on the following screenshot

http://i.imgur.com/FFUzeFr.png

This behavior doesn't happens on the stable version 36.0.4. I already tested it and on the stable version is working correctly. It seems that something on the code of that chat doesn't gets along with the changes made on Firefox 37 beta or even with the Nightly 39 (I tested this bug on the Nightly version and the bug was there too).

For YouTube is an immediate issue. Open a new tab an go to YouTube (make sure no YouTube tabs are open) and then open a video you uploaded.

This is how the images for the video should look:

How it should look: http://i.imgur.com/7ElBgc

And this is how it is looking actually:

http://i.imgur.com/pCaofdq.png

You have to refresh the video page for the image to appear correctly.


Actual results:

For some reason images some times doesn't appears or if you're on a site with lots of images, after some times Firefox stops showing images and the already shown images disappear and if you open a new tab to see another site, it remains trying to load and most images on the site you try to load won't appear.

This behavior doesn't happens on stable Firefox 36.04 version, nor on other browsers. On version 36.04 all works correctly, same with browsers like Chrome or Internet Explorer.

I noticed that ever since Firefox 37 beta got released, there has been some issues related to the images displaying. Some times we get an error message saying "This image cannot be displayed because it contains errors." When is not true since on other browsers the same image gets loaded correctly.

I already tried a new profile, safe mode, disabling add-ons and nothing worked. This error appears also on the Nightly version 39


Expected results:

Images on YouTube for video owner's edition tools (Music, CC, etc) should appear correctly and images shouldn't disappear all of sudden on other tabs nor on the active tab after you have been browsing images for a long time. This mostly since the ram usage some times doesn't even reach 500MB when that happens.