Broken in-content preferences Search tab with browser.search.showOneOffButtons = false
Created attachment 8599750
Firefox_Bug-Preferences-Search.png

User Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10.9; rv:37.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/37.0
Build ID: 20150415140819

Steps to reproduce:

I'm currently running Mac OS X 10.9.5 (Mavericks) and just installed Firefox 37.0.2.  I installed add-ons for aesthetics and for functionality related to Web Development tools.  I'm not sure how to perform a dump of any crucial information you may need to fix this issue--but here's a little background:

1) After the initial install of Firefox, going to the Preferences (Firefox -> Preferences [Cmd+,]) produced the typical window containing all settings.  Nothing new here.
2) After installing all of the add-ons I needed (13 in total) as well as the Plugins I needed (5 in total), I took the time to configure the browser to my liking.  It looks perfect.
3) After finishing my configuration, going back to the Preferences window creates a new tab, whether I use the keyboard shortcut or go through the context menu.  Everything works fine with the exception of the 'Search' tab.

Steps to reproduce:

a. Go to Preferences [Cmd+,] or through context menu
b. A new tab opens containing the Preferences (this was new for me, but impressed)
c. Click on the 'Search' tab
d. Click on the "Default Search Engine" dropdown
e. Look at the "One-click search engines" table
f. (Optional) Click on the "Restore Default Search Engines" buttons


Actual results:

Actual Results:

[Steps a. and b. are skipped]
c. The Search tab (on left), the tab itself disappears, but the settings still appear
d. The dropdown is not populated, so an empty dropdown occurs
e. The "One-click search engines" table is empty
f.  No effect (that I noticed) after clicking the "Restore Default Search Engines" button

#NOTE: doing a refresh on the page returns the Search tab.


Expected results:

Expected Results:

[Steps a. and b. are skipped]
c. The Search tab (on left) shouldn't disappear
d. The dropdown is populated with the current default; onClick shows all engines
e. The "One-click search engines" table is populated with all installed Engines
f.  The default should be Yahoo, as this was the default engine after a fresh install