Firefox silently fails to save and to restore the tab
I encounter a critical bug in Firefox 35. I reproduce the bug with Firefox Nightly.

This is a horrible bug in session restore, this does data loss.

1. I launch Firefox. 
2. I restore the session. 
3. I surf with Firefox, during several hours. 
4. I go off-line, with the menu File. 
5. In the window A, I click one some not-yet-loaded tab (the tab was lazily loaded from session restore). It has the address "http://www.legirel.cnrs.fr/spip.php?article528&lang=fr". 
6. I enter the word "riendutout" in the Google search field and I launch the search. 
Firefox gives me a page saying that I am off-line. 
7. I press the button Retry. Twice if necessary. 
Firefox is now on-line and gives me the Google page for the search for "riendutout". 
8. I surf in Firefox, in other windows, during several hours. 

* Expected result: * 
For the tab of the window A, the session restore file recovery.js has the address of the displayed page: the Google search page for "riendutout". If the session is restored later, this Google page will be restored. 

* Actual result: * 
For the tab of the window A, the session restore file recovery.js misses the current page, it still has the address "http://www.legirel.cnrs.fr/spip.php?article528&lang=fr". There is no occurrence of "riendutout" in the file recovery.js. If the session is restored later, the current page will be lost. 

9. Now, I type "Art total" in the address bar of the tab of the window A. 
10. I surf in Firefox, in other windows, during several hours. 

* Expected result: * 
For the tab of the window A, the session restore file recovery.js has the user-typed value of the address bar "Art total", in "userTypedValue". If the session is restored later, the user-typed value in the address bar will be restored. 

* Actual result: * 
For the tab of the window A, the session restore file recovery.js does not have the user-typed value of the address bar "Art total". There is no occurrence of "Art total" in the file recovery.js. If the session is restored later, the user-typed value in the address bar will be lost. 

11. Now, in the tab of the window A, I go to other pages, I write texts on the Web… 

* Expected result: * 
The tab of the window A is regularly saved to the session restore file recovery.js, with the current address, the title, the form data, and so on. If the session is restored later, this tab will be restored like any other, with the current address, the title, the form data, and so on. 

* Actual result: * 
The tab of the window A is doomed forever. It never gets saved to the session restore file recovery.js. The tab appears to behave normally, so I trust it. But everything I do in this tab silently fails to be saved in the session restore file recovery.js: the current address, the title, the form data and so on are missing. If the session is restored later, these will be lost. 

Thank you for fixing this bug.

I have Mac OS X 10.6.8.

Nicolas B.