[firefox-gtk+3]  On FF 44 current tab + bookmarks toolbar and extensions too light on dark themes
User Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Linux x86_64; rv:44.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/44.0
Build ID: 20160126104524

Steps to reproduce:

All this is by just running FF 44 with gtk+3...

You can run it without anything under:

gtk-3.0/settings.ini

Then adding to it:

gtk-application-prefer-dark-theme = true

And then adding a dark theme, such as:

gtk-theme-name = GnomishDark

All that with no DE in place, just a plain WM (in my case fluxbox).  All this just to make the dark theme changes take place.


Actual results:

On the gist images provided:

https://gist.github.com/je-vv/7a00601e9217cd9d3447

The bottom image corresponds to no gtk+3 settings, meaning a default light gtk+3 theme.  The middle image corresponds to setting "gtk-application-prefer-dark-theme" to true on gtk+3.  And the upper image corresponds to the same setting as on the middle image, plus using the dark theme "GnomishDark".

As you can see, in all cases, FF 44 has a new behavior (with regards to prior versions), where FF is creating contrast between current tab (but includes as well bookmarks toolbar and extensions, icons and URL toolbar) and other tabs.

FF creates this contrast by leaving the current tab and toolbars lighter than the other tabs.

In the case of turning the preference for dark themes on (with or without a dark theme used), makes the current tab an all toolbars just way too light.  So there's little contrast between background and fonts.  It's just as if all that area was selected.  See the middle and upper images.

In the case of the light theme (no gtk+3 settings and no theme specified) that is OK, because the fonts are supposed to be dark while the background light.


Expected results:

One thought to avoid the misbehavior on dark themes, is to create the contrast, but the other way around.  Leaving the current tab and toolbars dark, while keeping the other tabs lighter.  This would work for both, light and dark themes, while creating the intended contrast between current and other themes.

Another thought is to keep everything the normal back ground colour (dark or light, depending on the theme), and just changing colours on the tabs bar.  That way other toolbars and icons wouldn't be affected.

Or, just picking better colours and degradations used by FF, :-)

Notice this is new on FF 44 for gtk+3.