Figure out decisions about what to migrate for a/each browser when auto-importing data on startup
+++ This bug was initially created as a clone of Bug #1271766 +++

(bug 1271766 covers "which browser" which seems orthogonal in terms of implementation/philosophy)

Effectively, when auto-importing we'll need to make all the decisions we're now delegating to the user automatically.

Things we need to know:

- what browser(s) to import from. See bug 1271766.

- which data-types to import:
  const unsigned short SETTINGS    = 0x0001;
  const unsigned short COOKIES     = 0x0002;
  const unsigned short HISTORY     = 0x0004;
  const unsigned short FORMDATA    = 0x0008;
  const unsigned short PASSWORDS   = 0x0010;
  const unsigned short BOOKMARKS   = 0x0020;
  const unsigned short OTHERDATA   = 0x0040;

(Note: not all of these are implemented for all 3rd-party browsers. We also support "SESSION" but not for any third-party browsers, as far as I can tell. We'll shortly add support for migrating add-ons from another Firefox profile, but that isn't immediately relevant here, either.)

I would suggest that we should import only form data, passwords, history and bookmarks. 

I don't think we should actually bother importing cookies as they're often not very useful - I wouldn't expect them to help persist logged-in sessions to bigger sites like Facebook or Google, for instance, as both of those know "which browser" you log in with as well - and keeping them has tracking/advertisement downsides.

The settings we import for IE are of debatable usefulness (I thought there was a bug on file for this but I can't find it off-hand). The only other browser we seem to support this for is Safari, and at a glance, some of those settings (e.g. "allow me to store logins") seem like ones we shouldn't be auto-importing. Perhaps alternatively we just need to take a broom through those settings and then do import the ones that seem valuable? If so, that should probably be a separate bug.

OTHERDATA only gets you safari search strings. I don't know in what state that migrator is, we'd have to go test it, but it doesn't seem particularly valuable either.


- whether to import the homepage (this is a separate step in the wizard, so I'm listing it separately). I would suggest not to do this as it's unlikely to be useful, often hijacked, and it's easy for the user to restore if they really did want it.


- what profile to use. Both Chrome and 360SE seem to support multiple user profiles. I have no idea how to decide on which profile to use if there are multiple. I suppose if we detect this situation we could go back to showing the wizard, and we could auto-import if there's just the one? I doubt that importing from all the profiles is a reasonable solution here, and the "whole point" of this change is not to get in the user's face on startup, so asking also seems wrong. The only other thing I can think of is trying to work out which profile has the most data and basing it on that? Which seems like a pretty rubbishy strategy for user profiles moreso than for which browser to use (feels like multiple profiles has more user intent). I don't see anything in the code that indicates which of many profiles would be the default/current, either. :-\

Pinging :Verdi for thoughts / decisions here.