URL completion font too small, wrong order, big security risk
User Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10.9; rv:42.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/42.0

Steps to reproduce:

Put the cursor in the address bar.

Type some text in order to bring up auto-completion list. (search suggestions are disabled)

Firefox 48 on Ubuntu 14.04 (Unity).


Actual results:

The HTML title element text is shown first, and the URLs are now second,

The URL fonts are too small to read easily and they should come before the titles. Also, the color is a dim orange on Ubuntu 14.04, making it even more difficult to read.

This is a security hazard for users, because previously-visited malicious sites could use the title element to trick users into thinking that they are visiting a different site (based on title text rather than unique URL). Users won't double-check the URL after seeing the title text.

Example:
Attacker could get a user to click on a page about cute kittens that quietly has the title "PayPal - Send Money, Pay Online or Set Up a Merchant Account - PayPal" (even more like PayPal than the real site because the word PayPal comes first). Then the next time the user types "paypal" in the address bar, the title on the funny cats site comes up, showing "PayPal..." as the auto completion. The user visits the funny cats site thinking that it's PayPal, and in the meantime the attacker has switched the content from funny cats to a PayPal-looking login page. Phishing attack complete.

PayPal is just an example. This kind of address bar could very easily be used to get people to download malicious software instead.

If you don't understand the attack from my explanation, let me know and I will make a video demonstration on how it can be performed,

In any case, it's also bad from a usability standpoint, since I can't read the URLs, and my stress level is going up when using Firefox, because I have to double-check every URL and the fonts are too small and faint to see clearly,


Expected results:

Ideally, the URL should come first -- both for usability and safety. At the very minimum, there should be a way to override the settings so that the URL comes first, It's extremely difficult to scan the URLs because the edge of the text zigzags and the URL font is too small and in the wrong color, I've checked about:config and don't see how to override it. I've checked the web extensions API and don't see how to override it with an extension either.