Can not dismiss password doorhanger by clicking elsewhere within window
i see in nightly 53 the doorhanger has to be addressed directly by the user. this is very intrusive and there should be a way to turn off the new requirement that the user interact directly with the doorhanger.

for example, a user might not want to save a password for a site because they don't want a record of that site saved in the browser. selecting "never for this site" defeats that purpose. requiring the user to interact directly with the doorhanger rather than passively by clicking elsewhere within the window creates friction in user experience.

another use case: you're logging-in on a shared computer and don't want your password saved, but another user does want their password saved. in this case, "never for this site" is not an option, forcing user to more directly dismiss the doorhanger every time they log-in.

another use case against this: some sites do tricks like altering the content of the credential fields when the user submits, apparently with the intention of preventing the user from saving their credentials. firefox makes it easy to work around this and save the correct credentials when the doorhanger comes up the first time, but even though firefox on later visits pre-fills the login form correctly, when user presses submit, the fields get changed, causing firefox to ask whether to save the "edited" credentials. this is annoying but not firefox's fault. i simply click elsewhere in the window to quickly dismiss the doorhanger, but in nightly 53 this is no longer possible and i have to directly interact with the doorhanger every time -- very annoying. take a look at the login form on fidelity.com as an example -- enter username "JohnSmith" and press tab ... the username gets switched to "*****mith"

these are just some examples i came up with off the top of my head. if you think it's a great default to force direct interaction with hanger, that's one thing, but there are legitimate reasons a user might want to disable that requirement, so please make it optional!