Performance and stability are massively undermined by startup of many tabs
So.. I'll start saying that I have this several years old firefox profile (on beta currently 53.0) with like around a thousand tabs. 
Startup times and 1-tab-loaded memory usage has always been hideous, but nothing I couldn't cope with after the first 5 minutes. 

Since a couple of week though, cpu usage is always 100% (of a single core, I have e10s disabled) even after startup and counting. Sometimes after a hour or something it finally calms down, other times only after I have used RestartFox to start the whole program again. 

I found your "Reporting a Performance Problem" MDN page, so I started profiling [on nightly(portable) because instructions says so]. I know you had even landed some lots-of-tabs related improvement and I was quite confident situation could be already better. 
It wasn't. 

After having understood how to replace sessionstore.js.... I blow FF up since x64 e10s completely swamped my RAM. 
I disabled multiprocess then.. And at this point I unfortunately discovered that the gecko profiler extension actually doesn't start monitoring anything until tabs are loaded in the first place. 

SO, I decided to profile instead the *restoration of a previous session*.. At the middle of which I get a "Script: chrome://global/content/bindings/browser.xml:348" hanging warning. 
Not something totally undeserved in all fairness. 

If I make it continue though, it crashes firefox. 
I finally managed to get to a working session by stopping it (and killing buttons and basically everything the UI does, but hey it was worth it). 

After trying to save to file the perf.html log, firefox hanged.. But thankfully I was able to find the gz.part archive in %temp% folder. 
https://perfht.ml/2pEdeVk Here for your delight. 

https://perfht.ml/2pHuNn8 This is instead some seconds taken from FF53beta with just "new tab" tab opened. 
Is it normal that for the love of me about:performance tab gives no load anywhere whatsover (contrarily to what's actually happening in fact)?

Thanks you all for your help. 
I'm sorry if the wordy description is messing up with somebody's time schedule or feelings, but I think I stumbled over so many problems that I wouldn't even know where to start.