Firefox 0.9.1 connects to unexpected website when starting for the first time
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7) Gecko/20040626 Firefox/0.8
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7) Gecko/20040626 Firefox/0.8

On installation of Firefox 0.9.1 (over 0.9), I got two alerts from my personal
firewall (ZoneAlarm). The first, which is normal behavior, was a "Changed
Program" connection to the Trusted Zone (127.0.0.1, which I made Trusted to keep
another app from needing access to the Internet). The second was an unexpected
connection to the Internet (66.94.228.229:80 - finance.yahoo.com, which I had
visited just prior to connecting to Mozilla, noticing the update, and
downloading and installing 0.9.1, after quitting Firefox of course).  This site
is NOT my default home page, which is and has always been set to blank.  The
only indication of this connection was ZoneAlarm; no page actually loaded.

On another machine, the same thing happened when I installed 0.9.1...again, it
connected to 66.94.228.229:80 but didn't load the page.  However, this time I
had not visited any other sites before Mozilla, so it's not related to History
(which is set to 1 day and had no yahoo sites in it).  I don't allow persistent
cookies, so it didn't get the site from there.  finance.yahoo.com is on my
Personal Toolbar, and it may have been in my cache (if site names even appear
there) since I visit it occasionally.

I was able to reproduce this exactly once on the second machine, by uninstalling
Firefox, removing Firefox from ZoneAlarm's program list, and reinstalling
Firefox.  Subsequent tries failed to reproduce it.

One difference in procedure from previous installations of Firefox - this time I
let the installer launch Firefox.  Usually I deselect the box, click Finish,
then run it myself, so this problem might have existed in previous versions.  I
tried to eliminate this as a contributor, but I didn't see the behavior either
way at this point.  I don't see how this would make a difference, but then this
is pretty strange to begin with.

Reproducible: Sometimes
Steps to Reproduce:
If you use ZoneAlarm or another firewall:
1.  Put 127.0.0.1 in the "Trusted Zone" for ZoneAlarm.  Don't allow ZoneAlarm to
automatically assign permissions to programs.
2.  Set your start page in Firefox to be blank.
3.  Install Firefox 0.9.1 (if already installed, remove Firefox line from
ZoneAlarm program list)
4.  Start Firefox and allow it to connect to the "Trusted Zone"

Or, better yet, use a program to see what Firefox is connecting to after
installation without blocking anything.
Actual Results:  
ZoneAlarm asks permission for Firefox to connect to the Internet
(66.94.228.229:80).  If I say yes, it doesn't actually load a page but stays blank.

Expected Results:  
It should not have connected to any site.

The only extensions I have installed are ieview 0.8 (beta) and Adblock 0.5
(which I currently have disabled).

The installation was custom, using all default options with the exception of
deselecting the quality agent (sorry!).

One could classify this as a "Trivial" bug since it shouldn't impact
functionality, but you don't want to give the appearance that Firefox is
"phoning home" or doing something even more unsavory.