OS X: forms with large number of select fields hangs browser
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8a3) Gecko/20040716 Firefox/0.9.1+
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8a3) Gecko/20040716 Firefox/0.9.1+

Trying to open a page with a form containing a large number of select fields (my
test case has over 400), Firething will hang in a strange fashion. At first
there will be a period of very heavy CPU utilization, and the ever-popular
spinning beach ball of death. After a time, both of these stop. At this point,
you frequently see the mouse pointer with a very small spinning wheel attached
to it (I have no idea what this is supposed to indicate). You don't always see
this, however, sometimes the mouse pointer will seem to be behaving normally,
and it will appear that the page has loaded successfully.

But then try to load any other page, click on a link to any other site, or do
anything else in the browser, and nothing will happen. The browser just ignores
anything you do from this point on - including trying to quit. You have to kill
the process (by ID from the shell or using "Force Quit" in the Finder).

The same page with all the <select> field tags changed to &lt;select&gt; loads fine.

The page which hangs Firefox loads OK in Mozilla. The page loads OK in both
Firefox and Mozilla on a PC. This seems to be specific to the OS X builds.

BTW - this problem has been here all along in the Phoenix->Firewhatever app -
it's not new, I didn't report it before because I thought it might go away...

Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1. Start up Firebird
2. Open the HTML file that I will be attaching to this bug when I get to a form
that lets me attach files...
3. Watch it die.

Actual Results:  
Firebird does not respond - you can scroll up and down within the page, but you
can't load any other pages, any other web sites, quit, etc. (See description)

Expected Results:  
Display the page and await further instructions.