while tabbed browsing, simultaneous requests are going,  the focus goes to the response got page
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Win98; en-US; rv:1.7) Gecko/20040803 Firefox/0.9.3
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Win98; en-US; rv:1.7) Gecko/20040803 Firefox/0.9.3

The following is the scenario,
I have opened two tabs, 
in tab-1 i type the yahoo-url and in the mean time the page comes, 
I put ctrl-tab and go to the next tab and type hotmail-url, now i go backto
tab-1 and give my userid in first textfield and next i go to the second
textfield and type the password. My password's length is 7 characters, i see
only 3 * in the password entry textfield and the focus is not there but i have
typed the whole password.
What happens is that, whatever i type as password goes to the userid field in tab-2.

Iam not sure whether it is a bug or an intended behaviour. If the focus will go
to the next tab's form field, since it got the response back completely, the
screen (that is the tab i am viewing) must also change and show me the tab where
iam presently located.


Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1.Open Tab-1 and type http://mail.yahoo.com/
2.Open Tab-2 and type http://gmail.google.com/
3.(now you r in tab-2) Press CTRL-Shift-tab
4.type userid in the userid column provided
5.type passwor in the password column provided

Actual Results:  
I should be able to type both the userid and password and the focus must wait at
the end of the password entry field

Expected Results:  
Focus is lost while typing the password
 or sometimes if the webpage at the next tab comes quickly, focus at the time of
typing the userid itself.

If this is a way of informing the user that the page in the next tab got
response completely, you give some popup or completely take me to that tab.
But now, the focus goes to the second tab and what i am seeing is tab-1. And i
think that i am in screen1 and type information pertaining to screen-1 but all
goes to screen-2.

Above all, Thanks to Mozilla you are doing a great job.