Firefox breaks Windows shell handlers for URLs, htm. html files, and Internet shortcuts
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.2; en-US; rv:1.7.3) Gecko/20041026 Firefox/1.0RC1
Build Identifier: http://ftp.mozilla.org/pub/mozilla.org/firefox/releases/0.10.1/Firefox%20Setup%201.0PR.exe

After installing Firefox 1.0PR on my Windows Server 2003 machine, I chose the
option to use Firefox as my default browser. Immediately all .htm and .html
files, embedded URLs in programs Internet shortcuts caused Firefox to launch,
which is the expected behaviour. However I cannot restore these handler sto what
they were before installing Firefox. If I choose to revert to IE as my default
browser, the handlers are still set to use Firefox. IE never prompts me with the
dialog asking if I want to set it as the default browser. If I uninstall
Firefox, all the handlers are broken. I lose the ability to launch .htm or
Internet shortcuts. The icons for .htm files and Internet shortcuts are
displayed as the "unknown program" icon.


Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1. Install Firefox 1.0PR using the Windows installer.
2. In Firefox Options -> check Firefox as the default browser.
3. Unnstall Firefox, 

Actual Results:  
All .htm,.html files, URL and Internet shortcuts are broken. Clicking on any one
of them brings up a dialog asking you "what program shuold you use to run this
file" 

Expected Results:  
Firefox should aloow handlers for these objects to be changed to other browsers.
When it is uninstalled, these handlers should revert back to what they were
before installing Firefox

This problem appears to be the way Firefox is registering handlers for Windows
shell objects. It is doing it in a manner that other programs cannot change the
handlers. When firefox is uninstalled, other programs cannot take over the
handlers for these objects, possibly because firfox has deleted the original
handlers and created new ones with new CLSIDS. The only way to solve this is to
do a reinstall of IE.