Losing background radio station site when visiting another site
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Win98; en-US; rv:1.7.5) Gecko/20041107 Firefox/1.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Win98; en-US; rv:1.7.5) Gecko/20041107 Firefox/1.0

In the past, even with the older version of Mozilla as my default browser, I was
able to go to the www.ert.gr (Greek Public TV/Radio site), select one of their
radio-station links, and then listen to it in the background with the original
site either closed or while surfing the Net.
 
With Firefox 1.0, though, the radio station I selected stays in the background
as long as I don't visit another site.  If I do, there goes the radio station! 
Apparently, Mozilla uses the particular radio station link I selected as a URL
(Web site).
 
Going to the www.ert.gr site with IE though, selecting one of their
radio-station links, closing the home site, and visiting another site afterwards
(either with IE or Firefox) will leave that particular radio-station link in place!
 
Any help along this line will be greatly appreciated.


Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1. Go to the www.ert.gr site, click on the English flag in its upper RH corner
to switch into English.
2. Under "radio Live" select "Second 103.7".  This should take you to that
particular link, and, following the necessary 100% buffering, you should be able
to listen to that particular radio station real-time, under normal circumstances
3. Try to do some surfing afterwards, either with the home site open or closed,
and see what happens to the radio station, supposedly, in the background: 

Actual Results:  
With Firefox 1.0, the radio station I selected stays in the background as long
as I don't visit another site.  If I do, there goes the radio station! 
Apparently, Mozilla uses the particular radio station link I selected as a URL
(Web site).

Expected Results:  
In the past, even with the older version of Mozilla as my default browser, I was
able to go to the www.ert.gr (Greek Public TV/Radio site), select one of their
radio-station links, and then listen to it in the background with the original
site either closed or while surfing the Net.  This is no longer the case with
Firefox 1.0.