After filling out first data entry page, application stalls and eventually returns with "Document contains no data" alert box
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.5) Gecko/20041107 Firefox/1.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.5) Gecko/20041107 Firefox/1.0

https://secure-2.dllr.state.md.us/ui/mdpilot/claims/claim/index.stm

We allow customers in Maryland to file for Unemployment Insurance using an
online application.  The application has been up and running for about 4 years.
 It worked fine in Netscape 3.x and 4.x and IE.  I recently downloaded Firefox
1.0.  I tried to file a test claim (the application cannot be completed or a
false claim will be entered so only a few data entry screens should be tried if
trying to duplicate this problem) using Firefox 1.0 (and Netscape 7.2 as well
with the same result).  When the first data entry screen was entered, I clicked
on "Click Mouse Here to Proceed" button.  The transaction stalled for several
minutes.  Eventually, an alert box appeared saying: "Document contains no data."
We need to resolve this problem to allow our customers to file claims using the
new Firefox browser.  Are there any settings that can be changed to assist them?

FYI, I did a Google search on this issue and found several dozen bulletin board
entries from others who experienced the same problem.
Thank you for your help.



Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.  Go to https://secure-2.dllr.state.md.us/ui/mdpilot/claims/claim/index.stm
2.  Click on  Click Here to File Claim Button
3.  Click on radio buttons Yes for the first and No for the others, and skip the
drop down menu on the first data entry screen.
4.  Click on the Click Mouse Here to Proceed button
5.  Wait more than a minute for the response.
6.  Alert box pops up - Document contains no data
7.  Click OK and repeat with same result each time.

Actual Results:  
Alert box popped up saying Document Contains No Data.  I could not proceed any
further and could not complete the application.

Expected Results:  
Allowed the user to go to the next data entry screen and the next one after
that, until all data entry screens had been completed and the confirmation
number was received verifying that the claim had been filed (if testing, please
don't do this as a claim WILL actually be filed; stop before reaching the
confirmation page)

The same exact problem occurs in Netscape 7.2.  It did not occur in Netscape 3.x
or 4.x, and never occurs in IE5 or IE6.