Rendering errors when object (flash movie) layered above iframe
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.7.5) Gecko/20041107 Firefox/1.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.7.5) Gecko/20041107 Firefox/1.0

When layered above an iframe using CSS positioning, a flash movie is rendered
below the iframe when the page loads.

The example page is organized into four quadrants:

In the upper left quadrant, a flash movie is layered above an iframe.
The lower left quadrant is the same, except that the iframe loads no content.
In the upper right quadrant, the flash movie is layered above a div.
In the lower right quadrant, a div is layered above an iframe.

The two right-side quadrants render correctly and are provided for reference. 
The simple flash movie in the example inverts its colors in response to
mouseover events to provide a bit of behavior.



Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Load (or reload) the example page.
2.
3.

Actual Results:  
The flash movie is rendered below the iframe in both the left quadrants.

Expected Results:  
The flash movie should be rendered above the iframe in both the left quadrants.

Observations (using the upper left quadrant in the example):

1. The flash movie recieves mouse events as though it were on top.  It then
renders to the top.

2. When a link is selected in the iframe the flash movie is again rendered to
the bottom.

3. Resizing the browser window restores the flash movie to the top.

4. Mousing over the Mozilla icon in the iframe content causes part of the flash
movie to be improperly redrawn.

To help eliminate the Flash player as the culprit, I used Mac OS X, where Safari
and Firefox share the same player.  Safari renders the example correctly (as
does Internet Explorer on Win2K and WinXP) and Firefox Mac exhibits nearly the
same rendering behaviors as for the Windows platforms.  However, the differences
between Firefox Mac and Firefox Windows are noteworthy:

1. The lower left quadrant (no content loaded into iframe) renders correctly on
Firefox Mac.

2. In the upper right quadrant (flash movie layered above div) Firefox Mac
seemingly renders the flash movie below the div.