Dialog to resubmit POST data still appears when Location header is added on second refresh
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux x86_64; en-US; rv:1.7.6) Gecko/20050226 Firefox/1.0.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux x86_64; en-US; rv:1.7.6) Gecko/20050226 Firefox/1.0.1

When a POST form is submitted to an application that does not redirect upon
receiving the data, a consequent Reload of the page will have the browser ask if
the user is sure he/she wants to resubmit the POSTDATA.

There is some undesireable behavior when a Location header is sent after the
user chooses to resubmit the POSTDATA. When the location header is sent at this
point, the user is redirected to the given URL; However, if the user hits the
reload button again, the browser still asks if the user is sure he wants to
resubmit the POSTDATA.

This type of behavior is not consistent with what normally happens when an
application redirects the user with the Location header. When redirected, the
user should not be asked to resubmit POSTDATA since there actually is no
POSTDATA being submitted after the user is redirected. The POSTDATA referenced
in the dialog now refers to the request before the last request.


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
A PHP script has been prepared at http://sh.nu/post_page.php

To manually recreate this, some form of server-side programming is required:

1. Submit a POST form to a application that will not send a Location header back
to the browser. Leave the client in that state (the client has just submitted a
form)
2. Add code to the application that will now redirect the user to the same file.
Return to your browser.
3. Hit the reload button in the browser. The header is received by the browser
this time and the browser is redirected to the location in the Location header.
4. Hit the reload button again, the dialog to resubmit POSTDATA appears.

Actual Results:  
The dialog appears again.

Expected Results:  
The dialog should NOT appear after redirection.