Check for other/multiple versions of Firefox when uninstalling and set one of them as default if the version being uninstalled is default
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.7) Gecko/20050414 Firefox/1.0.3 (ax)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.7) Gecko/20050414 Firefox/1.0.3 (ax)

When installing multiple versions of Firefox on a machine, such as 1.0.3
official and a nightly trunk build via the offical installer (into a different
folder of course) everything appears fine.  However, after uninstalling the
nightly build, I noticed that Firefox was no longer my default browser in
Windows, even though it was installed (the 1.0.3 official one).  Windows set my
default browser as "Internet" (the null value).  Apparently, when Firefox was
uninstalled, it didn't check to see if multiple versions were on the machine
(which is an unlikely case anyway) so as not to remove the Set Program Access
and Defaults options.  1.0.3 thought it was the default browser, (by checking in
Options) but Windows didn't see Firefox at all.  To solve the problem, I
installed 1.0.3 ontop of itself into the same directory with the same
installation options I gave it when I first installed 1.0.3.  Before I solved
the problem, I tried clicking on Internet, just for fun, to see what it would
open.  Oddly enough, the Firefox Options window popped up, SANS a browser
window!  Very interesting....

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Install Firefox 1.0.3.
2. Install a nightly build from
http://ftp.mozilla.org/pub/mozilla.org/firefox/nightly/latest-trunk/ into a
different directory than your original install of Firefox 1.0.3 (btw, great work
on fast back/forward!).
3. Uninstall the nightly build (btw, I didn't try it the other way around: aka,
uninstalling the official build first).
Actual Results:  
Windows didn't recognize Firefox as the default browser anymore (none was selected).

Expected Results:  
The uninstaller should have searched for other versions of Firefox on the
machine and set that version of Firefox as the default browser if the user had
Firefox as the default browser before.  It shouldn't have removed the Set
Program Access and Defaults options if it found another version of the browser
on the machine.

Nightly did not have any extensions/themes whatsoever.