Focus hang between pop-up OK alert and the Mozilla Firefox Help window
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.7.8) Gecko/20050511 Firefox/1.0.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.7.8) Gecko/20050511 Firefox/1.0.4

Preconditions: Firefox must attempt to open a network URL upon start up and your
machine cannot be connected to a network.

Start Firefox. While Firefox is attempting the URL in the background, select
"Help Contents" from the Help menu. Wait. When the URL search times out a pop-up
OK alert with the following text comes up: "www.google.com could not be found.
Please check the name and try again." with the OK button selected as default
(its blue on the Mac). This alert cannot be dismissed by clicking on it.
Clicking on the browser window will briefly (very briefly) get focus before the
help window again is raised and given focus. To get out of the hang, one has to
close the help window at which time the button becomes accessible.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. configure firefox to have a Internet URL come up (the Firefox start page is
the default if no changes have been made)
2. quit Firefox
3. start Firefox while NOT Connected to a network
4. immediately select "Help Contents" from the Help menu.
5. wait until alert comes up

Actual Results:  
In my case, when the URL search times out a pop-up OK alert with the following
text comes up: "www.google.com could not be found. Please check the name and try
again." with the OK button selected as default (its blue on the Mac). This alert
cannot be dismissed by clicking on it. Clicking on the browser window will
briefly (very briefly) get focus before the help window again is raised and
given focus. To get out of the hang, one has to close the help window at which
time the button becomes accessible.

Expected Results:  
The alert should have focus. The problem is the Help window is given focus as
though it were an alert (i.e., is is raised and given focus, which cannot be
altered by selecting other windows).

Two bugs may be related: 224931 and 246805.