firefox crashes when it attempts to transfer data from "ds.serving-sys.com" sometimes forcing me to restart my computer to allow normal use of firefox again?
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.7) Gecko/20050414 Firefox/1.0.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.7) Gecko/20050414 Firefox/1.0.4

I've been going to this movie news site for years, www.darkhorizons.com.  But
now - every time i go there - it causes my firefox to fail without question.  It
begins to load the pages, but as the bar on the bottom of my window indicates
that it is:  "transferring data from ds.serving-sys.com" - it almost immediately
forces firefox to shut down.  

If I'm lucky - i can get firefox to open normally and continue browsing other
sites.  If I'm unlucky - it will restart firefox when i ask it to, and crash on
any page i look at - including my yahoo homepage.  and if i'm REALLY REALLY
unlucky - it won't open firefox at all instead asking me to create a new profile
for firefox, instructing me that the default is not good enough.

NOW - i suspect this problem might have begun after i installed a new extension.
   But the problem is i can't figure out which one.  The one i suspect is
responsible is Flashblock 1.2.9 - as darkhorizons has alot of flash ads.  AND -
i can't get it to uninstall now.  it just won't go away.  It tells me that it
will uninstall when i restart firefox - but i've done that and it's still there.

i also added torrentbar, customizegoogle, and ieview if that helps any.  

So i guess i have two problems techinically - one firefox is crashing.  badly. 
and two - i can't uninstall that plugin - so i don't know if it is responsible.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.go to www.darkhorizons.com
2.find the news page (if it lets you get that far)
3.watch it crash

Actual Results:  
firefox crashes - microsoft asks me if i want to report the problem.  i report
it - nothing is ever done to fix the problem.

in regards to my effort to remove Flashblock - i tell it to uninstall, it says
it will upon restarting - and then it never goes away but continues to tell me
the same message time and time again.

Expected Results:  
well - with problem one - not crash.  it should have allowed me to read about my
movie news without a headache.  and with problem two - it should have removed
the extension, but it hasn't.

Build configuration:
Build platform
target
i686-pc-cygwin

Build tools
Compiler 	Version 	Compiler flags
$(CYGWIN_WRAPPER) cl 	12.00.8804 	-TC -nologo -W3 -nologo -Gy -Fd$(PDBFILE)
$(CYGWIN_WRAPPER) cl 	12.00.8804 	-TP -nologo -W3 -nologo -Gy -Fd$(PDBFILE)

Configure arguments
--disable-ldap --disable-mailnews
--enable-extensions=cookie,xml-rpc,xmlextras,pref,transformiix,universalchardet,webservices,inspector,gnomevfs,negotiateauth
--enable-crypto --disable-composer --enable-single-profile
--disable-profilesharing --enable-optimize --disable-debug --disable-tests
--enable-static --disable-shared --enable-official-branding