Copy/paste anomalies with enhanced XML error pages
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.7.10) Gecko/20050716 Firefox/1.0.6
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.7.10) Gecko/20050716 Firefox/1.0.6

If enhanced XML error pages are turned on, attempting to copy the text of the
error message appears to actually copy the contents of all possible error
messages for an error of that type.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. You'll need to find or generate a page that produces a page load error of any
kind.
2. Select and copy the (typically) four lines of total output in the browser window.
3. Paste into an Xterm or editor window.  You should see 10-12 different error
messages.

Actual Results:  
This was pasted:


Redirect Loop Error

Unknown Socket Error

Net Reset Error

Offline Error
Redirection limit for this URL exceeded. Unable to load the requested page. This
may be caused by cookies that are blocked.

The address (URL) is not a valid format and cannot be read. A typical address
will start with "http://", followed by an address, (e.g. www.netscape.com),
followed by a path to the content (or just "/"). A common cause for the problem
is using backslashes(\) instead of forward slashes (/).

The file specified by the address (URL) cannot be found. Check that the file
exists and that you have sufficient permissions to view it.

The address (URL) does not correspond to a known site and could not be loaded.
This could be due to a misspelling in the address or because the site does not
exist. If the address is known to be valid, or if the problem occurs for many
sites, it may be an issue with your proxy service (if you use one) or the
directory name service lookup. In such cases you should consult your system
documentation, administrator or Internet Service Provider (ISP) as appropriate
for further assistance.

The address (URL) starts with a protocol that is not recognized by the browser.
A protocol is the part at the front of the address, such as http: or ftp: which
tells the browser how to connect to the site. In this instance, the protocol is
unknown so loading cannot continue. Check that the address is correct before
retrying.

The browser was unable to connect to the specified site, even though it exists.
This may be because the site does not accept connections from your computer, the
service may be down, or the site does not support the service or port that you
tried to connect to.

The browser timed out while trying to connect to the specified site. The site
may be experiencing high loads that are slowing it down, or network problems are
preventing data from being received from it in a timely manner. If the site is
likely to be busy, consider waiting a few moments before retrying the request.

The browser has stopped a connection because the site is redirecting requests to
itself in a manner which prevents it from ever completing.

The site responded to the network request in an unexpected manner. This may be
due to address (URL) using the wrong protocol for the specified port, or a
non-standard configuration on the site which is running different services than
expected.

The link to the site was dropped unexpectedly while negotiating a connection or
transferring data. This may be due to a network fault somewhere between the site
and your computer. If the problem persists, consult your system documentation,
administrator or Internet Service Provider (ISP) as appropriate for further
assistance.

The browser is currently offline and cannot connect to the requested site. Place
your browser in online mode before trying again.

Try again


Expected Results:  
What was visible in the window to actually copy is the following:

Redirect Loop Error
Redirection limit for this URL exceeded.  Unable to load the requested page. 
This may be cause by cookies that are blocked.
The browser has stopped a connection because the site is redirecting requests to
itself in a manner which prevents the request from ever completing.
Try again

The page load appeared to be a transient failure, but the error text copy/paste
behavior will be a severe problem for anyone attempting to report errors on a site.