Firefox 1.0.6 Does not properly handle firmware upgrading procedures on a Netgear MR814v2 Firmware Rev. 5.00
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.2; en-US; rv:1.8b3) Gecko/20050712 Firefox/1.0+
Build Identifier: 

While upgrading the firmware on an old Netgear MR814v2 (then firmware version
5.00) to 5.30, Gentoo's Firefox could not properly communicate with the router's
HTML interface, resulting in a potential firmware upgrade disaster. I have
Javascript enabled on the browser, so it is not as if I tried to prevent Firefox
from responding to what the router requested. In any case, I booted another
machine (this one) into Windows and used the 64-bit version of I.E. to upload
the firmware and the procedure went perfectly.

While in Linux, I tried to upgrade the firmware multiple times, and after the
file appeared to upload but the router never upgraded the data, I decided to use
ngrep, tcpdump, iptraf, and a few other utilities just to see what was and was
not sent.

The new firmware (5.30) is less than a megabyte in size, and I saw that it was
sent perfectly to the router. After it was sent, Firefox just hung there with
some message in its bottom status bar claiming that it was waiting for a
response of some kind.

In any case, Firefox just hangs when logged-in to the router
(http://192.168.0.1) and after uploading the new firmware. It just does not
respond to whatever requests the router sends to it or the javascript used on
the router.

I regret now that I did not copy the tcpdump and ngrep output so it could be
analyzed by the Mozilla team.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Connect to a Netgear MR814v2 router (firmware 5.0) and go to the firmware
upgrade page.
2. Attempt to upgrade the firmware with version 5.0 firmware
(http://kbserver.netgear.com/release_notes/D102358.asp)
3. Wait

Actual Results:  
The firmware actually is uploaded via a file-upload form request, but Firefox
just hangs after it uploads, never to respond again, leaving the user completely
uncertain whether the upgrade was successful or failed.

Expected Results:  
The firmware should upload immediately, and the user should be redirected to a
progress page that illustrates the progress of the firmware migration.
Immediately thereafter, the user should be prompted about any post-upgrade steps
that need to be taken.

This bug may be hard to replicate, but it is bad and needs further examination,
because I dare not imagine the confusion and anger that a faulty-upgrade would
cause. Interestingly, it is not as if Firefox has always had errors when
upgrading the firmware on an MR814v2 router; in fact, I have upgraded firmware
on them several times without error.