Frequent problems displaying websites when new tabs and pages selected at right-click of hyperlink. Instead of displaying site, the tab or page will idle as if no link was given. Some graphics (pictures mostly) not being dispalyed at start of page and ...
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.12) Gecko/20050915 Firefox/1.0.7
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.12) Gecko/20050915 Firefox/1.0.7

Recently, my firefox program has been having trouble loading webpages off of
hyperlinks. When selecting a new tab or new window off of a hyperlink I often
get a blank window or tab that does not load the website data. This problem
doesn't happen everytime I try to display a new tab or new page off of a
hyperlink, but it happens extremely often. I've also noticed that pictures and
graphics are also having trouble loading up on the websites that do load and
display. For instance, when visiting someone's picture gallery on myspace.com
I'll often get broken picture icons instead of the pictures themselves. However,
once I right-click the icon and choose "viewimage" the picture will then display
 on the original screen from that point forward. 

I've talked to a few other people who have experienced this same problem and
they say it's due to a faulty extension and the only way I can remedy the
problem is to remove all traces of firefox from my computer so that a new
firefox profile can be created. However, everytime I uninstall and reinstal
firefox I experience the same problem all over again because despite the fact
that I've uninstalled firefox, firefox leaves information behind that returns
once it is reinstalled again. What can I do to purge my computer of all remnants
of my current firefox information so that I can start fresh again?

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Right click hyperlink.
2.Choose new tab or new window
3.Watch in frustration as nothing happens in either the new tab or new window

Actual Results:  
Nothing at all. Blank pages. And in the case of pages that do load not all
graphics are loading leaving broken picture icons behind instead.

Expected Results:  
The software should have loaded the website into the tab or window.