Hyperlinks don't open in Firefox from externals sources - IM links, email links, etc.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9a1) Gecko/20050927 Firefox/1.6a1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9a1) Gecko/20050927 Firefox/1.6a1

I have installed the latest build (as of today), and this problem is still
happenening.  I have Deer Park as my 'default browser.'  Whenever someone sends
me a web page (either in http:// or www. form), I have to copy & paste the URL
into the address bar.  If I click on the link (like in Fx 1.07), nothing
happens.  It doesn't spawn a new browser, it doesn't open in the current browser
.. nothing.  I've tried this several ways, either through having no Fx browsers
open, having 1 open, 1 open with multiple tabs, 2 open, 2 open with multiple
tabs...  No where does the linked page show up when I click on it, I have to
manually copy & paste the URL into the browser address bar.  This just started
happening with 1.5 (installed over 1.07), and continues to happen with the
latest build.

I have tried 'external' links from Outlook emails, Outlook calendar
appointments, Thunderbird emails, Trillian chat sessions, MSN Messenger Chat
Sessions & Yahoo Chat Sessions.  Basically anywhere there's a hyperlink not in
Fx, the only way to access that in Fx is to copy & paste the link.-

----UPDATE!!!
This happened because in the previous version of Firefox (1.07) the first time I
ran it, I chose to Make this my default browser, but to NOT check each time if
it was default or not.  When I opened IE, I told it NOT to be default and also
to quit checking, so Fx 1.07 was default browser.

After updating to 1.5, when I ran it the first time, it didn't ask "Make Fx 1.5
your default browser" so I had assumed that it inherited this from 1.07 as 1.07
did from 1.06, etc.  That was a wrong assumption, as it didn't inherit that
setting.  Upgrading to the latest version also did not ask the first time I ran
it "make Fx 1.6a1 your default browser" I assumed it inherited that setting from
previous versions.  As soon as I went to tools, options and 'check now' for
default browser, it said it wasn't default, and I chose yes to make it default.
 That fixed the problem.

I'm still reporting this because I want to make sure when you release 1.5 or
whatever to the public, it inherits whether or not it's the default browser from
their previous version and/or asks them upon install if they would like this to
be their default browser.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Either have:
   a) Fx closed
   b) Fx open
   c) Fx open with multiple tabs
   d) open 2 Fx browsers
2. Receive a URL from IM chat (trillian windows, MSN messenger or Yahoo) or
email (Outlook or Thunderbird)
3. Click on hyperlink (this is a properly formatted URL, so if you hover your
mouse over, it displays the link URL where you'd go if you click)
Actual Results:  
Nothing ... if you use 1)a), a new Fx browser doesn't open, everything just sits
there.  If you use any of the other, the web page you were on (i.e. like this
one) doesn't change after you click the hyperlink.

Expected Results:  
if you use 1)a) - a new Fx window would open displaying the hyperlink; if you
use any of the other, the most recent Fx tab you were looking at should change
to the new URL

default theme, no extensions installed on this Fx browser, no crashes, just
doesn't behave like 1.07 did before upgrading to beta.