Cursor displacement with email writing
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.12) Gecko/20050915 Firefox/1.0.7 (ax)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.12) Gecko/20050915 Firefox/1.0.7 (ax)

When typing out a e mail message to either write or respond the cursor becomes
displaced in other words the cursor might be blinking in front of the word
"front" in this message but the text actually affected is three or more spaces
to the right.  

Ex.  This si what I mean.

Because I mistyped is <second word of the sentence> I click right behind the i
with the intention of backspacing twice.  But instead of deleting the i the
space behind the i is actually deleted <I got this exact result filing out this
details section>.  When I type a character from the same blinking crusor
position right behind the i the character appears right next to the first letter
of the next word.  It's gotten to the point where  because of this I  inevitably
switch to ie out of frustration.  Just typing this information here has taken
almost 20 min and I type almost 90wpm.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.type a sentence in any form or email and ei Make a correction of some sort.
2.either backspace or with your mouse click at a point somewhere in the sentence
just typed. 
3.

Actual Results:  
actual result occured not where the cursor was but rather several spaces to the
right.  It's as if even though you click in a particular spot and visually that
is where it is when you type a character or try to delete something the desired
action happens 1 to three ticks to the right.

Expected Results:  
for the text that is affected to be the text or character that sits most near
the cursor.

I'm not sure but I don't think  or remember having this problem when I rented
time at a local cybercafe.  But I don't have the problem at all using IE.   I
would very much appreciate any and all suggestions as to what might be causing
this and what I need to do to correct it.