content is rendered outside the window if width is reduced
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9a1) Gecko/20051012 Firefox/1.6
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9a1) Gecko/20051012 Firefox/1.6

If the window width is reduced at some point the visible content won't be fitted
to the window and will be rendered outside the visible window and there is no
way to display it.
Well, hard to describe.

Take a simple webpage like the sample html vom CSS Zengarden. Then reduce the
window width by dragging the right window border to the left. You will see the
text being reformatted while you drag the mouse. On a clean profile the
reformatting stop if the address bar is reduced almost to zero width. If you
then reduce the window width further, the window content will disappear behind
the right window border. And there is no way to get to this content because
there is no scrollbar at the bottom.

The width where the reformatting stops is not fixed. If you remove the search
bar of a new profile the reformatting will stop at a smaller window width. The
bad thing is that this minimum width can also be bigger. With the web developer
extension installed the reformatting stops if the blank space on the web
developer toolbar is reduced to zero. That equals more than half of my desktop
width (1280 pixels), i.e. i can't tile FF next to another window because then
some content won't be visible.

On webpages where there is minimum width implied in the design and where this
minium width is bigger than the width where the reformatting stops, the result
will vary. As soon as the design minimum width is met a scrollbar will be shown.
But sometimes you also can't scroll to the right side enough to see all content

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. visit page
2. reduce window width

Actual Results:  
reformatting of the page content will stop at a given window width

Expected Results:  
keep reformatting until the window width is limited by the operating system, and
display scrollbar if the content doesn't fit anymore

Both Opera and IE do this correctly. They reformat the page until the window
can't be made smaller anymore (OS limit). If there are long words that can't be
wrapped or pictures, both browsers will display a scrollbar.

Here is a picture: Opera vs. FF trunk: http://free.pages.at/mugros/neth.png
(page is www.nethack.org and i am not using a clean profile, but that doesn't
really matter, and the build was a bit older)
Another picture: FF1.5beta vs Opera vs IE: FF1.5beta and 1.0.5 doesn't seem to
show this behaviour.