Firefox randomly closes itself while surfing the web or using message boards
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.12) Gecko/20050915 Firefox/1.0.7 (ax)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.12) Gecko/20050915 Firefox/1.0.7 (ax)

when using message boards or surfing the web, Firefox will sometimes, suddenly close itself as if somebody clicked on "x" to close it.
     I was unable to find a pattern to this because it happens at completely random times and it doesn't matter which web site I'm on. this'll sometimes happen once or twice a day.

i have tested and it has happened to my 2 home pc's and on a school computer.

i am 100% free of adware and spyware
 
i only have 13 running processes while using Firefox.

when ever this crash happens, all history, changes made to any firefox settings are undone

the first time the random close happened, Firefox reverted it's self back to how it is when you first install it on a new pc but with extensions still installed.

these are the extensions I currently have installed: Tab mix plus, in-line auto complete, adblock, paste and go, and gmail notifier.

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1.open firefox
2.surf the web on sites such as forums.g4tv.con, howstuffworks.com
3.after some time, firefox will suddonly close for no reason and you will have to double click on the icon to open it again.

Actual Results:  
sometimes the crash happens after a few minutes, sometimes after a few hours.

firefox will close instantly for no reason and any changes made or any history made during that time is gone/undone and sometimes, firefox will revert back to how it is when you first install it on a computer.

Expected Results:  
 What should the software have done instead? = it should have not crashed it should have kept on working and allowing me to use the tech support forum to help someone and not have me type up an entire hjt log fix and have firefox suddonly close for no reason, destroying  lots of hard work.

This doesnt happen to Avant browser

my is is mostly used as a gaming pc. fully msconfig and regedit tweaked (made bootup a lot faster. once desktop icons are displayer, no more loading is dont, hard drive light stops blinking.  (never had any problem in over 3 years only problem now is firefox crashing after installing this new version. (school computers had a fresh install of this new version)




about:buildconfig

Build platform
target
i586-pc-msvc

Build tools
Compiler 	Version 	Compiler flags
$(CYGWIN_WRAPPER) cl 	12.00.8804 	-TC -nologo -W3 -nologo -Gy -Fd$(PDBFILE)
$(CYGWIN_WRAPPER) cl 	12.00.8804 	-TP -nologo -W3 -nologo -Gy -Fd$(PDBFILE)

Configure arguments
--disable-ldap --disable-mailnews --enable-extensions=cookie,xml-rpc,xmlextras,pref,transformiix,universalchardet,webservices,inspector,gnomevfs,negotiateauth --enable-crypto --disable-composer --enable-single-profile --disable-profilesharing --enable-optimize --disable-debug --disable-tests --enable-static --disable-shared --enable-official-branding