Popup blocker seems to stop working after many popups have been opened (extended period of use)
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5

We have an internal application that uses popup screens for a variety of functions. In order for our application to work properly, we have to configure FF to allow popups from the application's site, which at first, seems to work fine. The popus appear as expected.

I have noticed that, after extended periods of use (several hours and the appearance of maybe 100 or more popup screens), I eventually encounter the message that "Firefox has prevented this site from opening a popup". If you click the "Options" button, the options available seem to indicate that poups are already allowed fromn this site (which they are). If you look at the list of sites from which popups are allowed, the application site is still listed. However, no popups are allowed from that site anymore. The browser will continue to operate in this manner (blocking all popups) until FF is closed and restarted, at which time the cycle begins again.

This condition has been observed on all released versions of FF since 1.0.0, and still occurs on 1.5.

This condition does not occur on the current release of Mozilla (1.7.11) nor has it been noticed on any of the previous releases. For this reason, I have been primarily been using the Mozilla browser instead of FF when accessing our application.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. See "Details"
2.
3.

Actual Results:  
FF eventually starts blocking popups from sites that have been configured to allow popups. FF continues to block popups until browser is shutdown and restarted. 

Expected Results:  
FF should allow popups from all sites that have been configured as such, as long as the browesr is operating.

This condition happens in all releases of FF since 1.0.0. This condition has never been observed in any release of Mozilla.