Lack of Mozilla's old "Window" menu is a serious usability problem on non-XP Windows
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5

My browsing sessions tend to be intensive, building up LOTS of open windows (and many tabs within those) which I wish to retain until I'm done with the research or other task at hand.

Finding a particular open window was easy in Mozilla Suite thanks to the "Window" menu.  For some reason, though, this incredibly useful feature has been removed from Firefox.  Perhaps all the developers are using window managers that make the feature less necessary.  For instance, on Windows XP (and Server 2003?), once you have a few Firefox windows open, they get collapsed on the task bar to a single item, and you can click on that for an equivalent of the Window menu.

However, I need to keep using Windows 2000 on multiple machines, and its task bar does not include this functionality.  Likewise, many Linux / UNIX window managers do not have such functionality and have a need for the Window menu. 

Mac OS X's window manager is another place where such a menu was necessary, but unfortunately the decision was made to [re-]implement the Window[s] menu for the Mac OS X platform only (see bug 204420).

Please extend the Window menu to be there on other OSes as well.  If you feel strongly that the menu shouldn't be there by default (which I would highly disagree with), then I'd be happy with having to use a preference to enable it (even a hidden one), just so long as I can get the darn thing.  I searched, BTW, and was unable to find any extensions to do this, either.

Hopefully this feature should be easy to implement, since the code is already there but turned on only for Mac OS, and you'd only have to suppress the appearance of the special Mac-OS-specific entries "Zoom Window", "Minimize Window", and "Bring All to Front" on other OSes.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
(No special steps needed -- see Details.)
Actual Results:  
No Window menu except on Mac OS.

Expected Results:  
Window menu should be available on all OSes.