add simple protection against phishing/MITM
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5

To protect not just against normal phishing, but even against a real-time man-in-the-middle attacks, the following approach seems to provide decent protection where firefox can play an essential role in:

1) the user intends to visit https://myTrusted.site.org and clicks on *a*
   https - link
2) to log in, she clicks on the bottom right lock of her Firefox.
   Firefox copies a 6-(or longer?) character (ASCII) SSL/TLS session identifier 
   into the clipboard. This identifier is calculated by Firefox as follows:
   Take the handshake_messages of http://www.rfc.net/rfc2246.html#s7.4.8. (since 
   MITM are typically prevented when client certificate authentication is done,
   it only entails (and applies to) the messages of a handshake without client
   cert auth) and digest them until the result fits into the "identifier".
3) The user opens passwordsafe or an equivalently trustworthy open source
   utility
4) upon right-clicking on the previously stored password entry of
   myTrusted.site.org in the passwordsafe list, it does a
   HMAC(password,identifier), where HMAC is a keyed-hash function described 
   in RFC2104. The result(/"response") is then stored in the clipboard again.
5) in a login form, myTrusted.site.org asks for user-id and response (not
   password!) and the user pastes the clipboard value into the response field
   and fills in the user-id.
6) The myTrusted.site.org server receives the two values and
   i)  calculates the "identifier" independently by its own view on the 
       handshake it was involved in
   ii) retrieves the password from the secure user credential store and 
       calculates the HMAC response
   if it matches, there was no MITM, if it doesn't match the user most likely
   entered the response into a MITM (SSL proxy) and the server better aborts
   the session.

passwordsafe development (as per the above URL) has indicated to be interested in providing a prototype for this. We would take care of providing the server-side part for it. 

Would Firefox participate as well?

-------
P.S.: As soon as the refereeing process is over, we'll be able to provide two detailed papers on this approach including a way to authenticate the server back to the user and many more variants of the overall MITM protection issue, some of which might not be contributed to the open source.

Reproducible: Always




see also Bug 285361 - also, I guess this is a lot simpler than what is discussed in Bug 268835