Transparent Flash taller than browser window offsets cursor midway down the page
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8) Gecko/20051111 Firefox/1.5

I'm a Flash web developer and I've had my hands tied by this one for almost a year now.  I make a Flash swf and embed it in a html page.  The swf is over 800 pixels tall and runs down the page enough that most users will have to scroll down to view it all (its a navigation system).  The Flash is transparent (wmode="transparent" in the embed tag).  When scrolling down the page, if the cursor is brought over to the Flash, it interacts with the Flash at a different y index than the cursor is actually at.  The rollover effects and linkage effects are fired for portions of the Flash hundreds of pixels off the cursor.  The closer to mid page I get the more offset the cursor is.  The cursor doesn't jump, it simply causes reactions on the swf that are not at it's y index.  It is important to test this that the top or bottom of the Flash are not visible in the browser.  If both ends are outside the viewable area (i.e. you are only viewing a middle portion of the swf) this behavior is observed every time.  It has caused the company I work for to be unable to develop the Flash applications we desire, simply because of your browser (which we all use BTW).  Everything works as expected in IE.  

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Embed swf that is 100 pixels tall on an html page and set its wmode to "transparent"
2. View the page and scroll down until neither the top or bottom of the swf are viewable (or resize your browser to be much smaller)
3. Roll your cursor over areas of the swf that have mouse reactive effects and notice the difference in position between the cursor and the effects.  Specifically, the y index difference.

Actual Results:  
The cursor would be at mid screen and the swf would create a rollover event several hundred pixels above (or below depending on position) as though the cursor were actually there.  Then I cried and felt bad because it hurts to not be able to  satisfy my browser of choice.

Expected Results:  
It should have caused the rollover effects at the y index of the cursor.

I have tested this in all versions of Firefox over the last year, on several machines.  Being a web developer, I've come at the issue from several angles and am very confident in saying that this issue is directly related to the Gecko engine and its interaction with transparent Flash taller than the viewable area.  I'm assuming the the engine talks to the swf and translates the x and y axis of the mouse to the swf relative to its position on the page and that the wmode parameter is directly causing the problem.  It seems there is an algorithm behind how much offset the cursor is and it is relative to how far off stage the ends of the swf are.  The more swf that is not visible, the higher the amound of the cursor being offset.  Also, it is offset relative to the swf being either mostly hidden above the window or mostly hidden below the window.  I'm sorry that I don't have a test page live on the net to show you.  I really would appreciate any fix/help on this issue.  I work for a company that is growing quickly in the web development field and we are eager to support your browser to its fullest extent.  This issue is one thorn that's been in our side for too long.  Thank you!