Using Scorch plugin from Sibelius has issues such as vanishing audio, need to force quit
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8.0.2) Gecko/20060328 Firefox/1.5.0.2
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8.0.2) Gecko/20060328 Firefox/1.5.0.2

Using the Sibelius Scorch plugin in Firefox 1.5.0.2 under Mac OS X 10.3.9 to play any Sibelius musical score file score that is embedded in a web page (see furnished URL), I find that it will usually play once or twice but then subsequent playings will happen with no sound. This is especially true if I use the "transpose" feature to change the key of the music. Once Scorch stops working, I often find that I can't quit Firefox but have to Force Quit in the Mac OS X Dock. Also, Firefox often ceases to be able to do other normal operations such as load a new web page. Experiments show this is not a problem with other plugins being present, as it happens when only Scorch and the QuickTime plugins are there. It also happens with Netscape Navigator 7.02, but it does not happen with Safari or Opera. Don't know yet about other Mozilla products.

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Go to URL.
2. Click play button.
3. Click stop (don't wait for whole thing to play).
4. Use the transpose feature to change key.
5. Do the above more than once and see if play produces no sound.
6. Try Firefox operations like accessing another web page.
7. Try quitting Firefox.

Actual Results:  
Almost always, at some point early on in the manipulation of the embedded Scorch pane/score the playback sound goes away (and can't be brought back with Reset Sounds), and other normal Firefox operations stop working, including Quit.

Expected Results:  
It should just have kept playing the score, with sound, allowing key transpositons without bad things happening, and not have messed up the browser environment or made it impossible to Quit.

I'd be happy to provide additional diagnostic information if the experts will tell me how to generate it. This is important to me because I'm trying to develop a music theory web site and using Scorch would be a big help. Firefox is the only one of my browsers that will display my website-in-the-making, with somewhat elaborate usages of JavaScript and Cascading Style Sheets, with total fidelity. Safari is close, but messes up in certain areas. If Firefox would "just work" with Scorch, I could tell my users to use Firefox. BTW, I have been told by Ryan at irc.mozilla.org that WinXP with Firefox 1.5.0.2 handles Scorch OK.