Infinite loop if you select firefox as the feed viewer application.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Win98; en-US; rv:1.8.0.2) Gecko/20060404 SeaMonkey/1.0.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Win98; en-US; rv:1.8.1a3) Gecko/20060526 BonEcho/2.0a3

Go to, for example http://planet.mozilla.org/rss10.xml .

Firefox will ask if you wish to subscribe, and you have the option of choosing a reader.

Choose the firefox application as a reader.

Select the check box: Open Feeds with my chosen reader automatically, skipping the preview page.

Choose subscribe now. 

Firefox goes into an apparent infinite loop, opening page after page seemingly without end, and also steals focus on my OS. The pages seem to be blank, mozilla not having time to draw them (?), while it opens new tabs. Probably they were to show the feed view.

Furthermore, the next time you deign in the future to visit any url to an atom or rss feed, firefox will again immediately begin spawning tabs or windows. This makes it difficult to correct the mistake you've made in your settings.

I think this bug is serious, since it is hard for the average user, once he's chosen the mistaken route I've specified, to correct his firefox settings. He has to have some knowledge of the preferences UI to which he needn't originally have been exposed.
-------

This is probably going to happen to quite a few users while investigating firefox's new feed capabilities. It seems natural that some users would select firefox as an application to view feeds.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Go to a url for a feed.
2.In the feed view, choose firefox as the reader.
3.Choose to open feed skipping the preview page.
4.Choose subscribe now.
Actual Results:  
Many, perhaps infinite, continuously spawned tabs or windows. Firefox may need to be forced to shut down. Firefox steals focus of other applications if put to the background.


Expected Results:  
Not to spawn all those windows continously. I don't understand what it's doing.