Left-Click on Web Address does not "Auto-Highlight" text
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9a1) Gecko/20060623 Minefield/3.0a1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9a1) Gecko/20060623 Minefield/3.0a1

When you first Left-Click the Mouse on the text, it skips the Auto-Highlight and immediately places the cursor at that point, and there is no highlighting.

Now, to copy the address, or to Type or Paste another ove it, we have to use Right-Click Select All first, or use the BackSpace key to scroll back deleting the old one first.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. In Firefox visit any website.
2. Left-Click on Text in Website in address Bar.
3. The Website Address has NOT "Auto-Highlighted" - Cursor is flashing
4. Left-Click on a blank part of website page, to focus away from Address Bar
5. Try again and Left-Click, once, on Text in Address Bar.
6. The Website Address is still not Auto-Highlighted and the cursor is flashing

Actual Results:  
WHAT ACTUALLY HAPPENS
when you first Left-Click the Mouse on the text, it skips the Auto-Highlight and immediately places the cursor at that point, and there is no highlighting.

Now, to copy the address, or to Type or Paste another ove it, we have to use Right-Click Select All first, or use the BackSpace key to scroll back deleting the old one first.

Expected Results:  
WHAT SHOULD HAPPEN
The first time you left-Click, with the mouse, on the website address, in the Address Bar, all the Text in the address should automatically Highlight.

You Should then be able to paste or type in a new address, or copy it.

Hitting the address the second time with the left mouse click, should then remove that highlight and place the cursor in the text at the point where you clicked.


FORUM LINK
I posted in the Builds Forum, and had a few replies. Here is the link:_
http://forums.mozillazine.org/viewtopic.php?t=431574

This bug was also present in the Last Daily - see the above Thread for the version.

This is a pain not being to Paste and copy website without backspacing or Selecting all text first.