Typing into text boxes performs very slowly
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8.1a3) Gecko/20060705 BonEcho/2.0a3
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8.1a3) Gecko/20060705 BonEcho/2.0a3

With seven or eight tabs open at the time, I was typing up something in a large text box in the first tab. While the browser itself seemed to slow down a bit (perhaps not any more than I would have expected with that number of tabs open), typing into that text box became very, very slow. I attributed this to the automatic spell checker. After setting layoutspellcheckDefault to 0, I have not had a similar problem. While it would be nice to not sacrifice typing speed (to the point that I am waiting for what I have just typed to pop up on the screen a significant time later) when spell check is enabled, what would be preferable is an option in Preferences to disable spell check without having to use about:config or user.js.

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Make sure spell check is on.
2. Load about seven or eight, maybe more (but no more than 12 is really needed), tabs with pages in them. I used a couple Lexis-Nexis pages and a few Google searches, but any series of pages should work.
3. In one of those tabs, preferably the first, have a page open with a large text box to type into. Typing into that box should be considerably slower than normal.

Actual Results:  
Typing into the text box was very slow. After closing several tabs, it began to speed up a bit. When no other tabs were open I felt it was slower than normal, but still not so slow that I had to switch into another program to finish typing (what I ended up having to do by the end of it).

Expected Results:  
The speed with which the typed text appeared on the screen should not have been reduced by the fact that many tabs were open. Alternately, the software should have provided a global option within Preferences, easily accessible, to disable spell check.

Standard Firefox theme. No crash, so no Talkback crash ID. Computer configuration: Apple iBook G4 1.33 GHz 512 MB RAM. Three programs running (AdiumX, Thunderbird, Bon Echo) at the time.