The above URL is my ISP's homepage. When I enter something into the search engine, I have the option of clicking "search The Web or iiNet's base. Neither return a search page.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.8.0.4) Gecko/20060508 Firefox/1.5.0.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.8.0.4) Gecko/20060508 Firefox/1.5.0.4

If I click on The Web in the Search field after entering whatever I'm looking for, it just sits there, nothing happens. If I click on search iiNet's server, the same thing happens, nothing. I've spoken to their support staff on the phone about it, thinking maybe it was a fault in their links, but they checked it and it worked on different machines in there. The other problem is that when using the drop down bookmark entries, I've found now that I get an error message saying that Firefox can't find the server! Yet if I enter the URL manually into the field, I have no problem accessing that server in question. Rather strange given that at one point it was saying that Firefox couldn't find Mozilla either.

It's rather annoying because it means having to use IE to do the searches (the search links both work on iiNets homepage with IE), but the downside is that I have to run an immediate scan for spyware after I log off, and inevitably find a minimum of 4 spywares. With Firefox I rarely find any if at all.


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.My ISP's home page opens automatically
2.Type a request into search field
3.Click on either 'search the web or 'search iiNets server'

Actual Results:  
Absolutely nothing happens, The text stay where it's typed, normally the Google search results page would open with the results as usual. I'm on broadband, so it's not a dial up connection problem.

Expected Results:  
It should have opened the Google search engine (default with iiNet) and displayed the pages of results for the search entry.

I have the iiNet homepage as default as it's my ISP here. I rarely use anything but the search engine on it, with exception of my account tools and occasionally checking the news headlines if there's anything interesting.