Switching screens/resolutions causes incorrect window width for tabs
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.0.4) Gecko/20060508 Firefox/1.5.0.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.0.4) Gecko/20060508 Firefox/1.5.0.4

I have a laptop I use with a docking station. When I move from the docking station to mobile (thus switching from a desktop monitor of one resolution to the laptop screen of another resolution) or vice versa, Firefox seems to get confused about the correct window width. The primary symptom of this is that the tab bar extends beyond the edge of the visible window. There will be tabs that are not visible at all, and new tabs are created off the screen to the right. I can sometimes stretch the Firefox window wide enough to see all of the tabs (much wider than the actual screen width), but the problem isn't actually corrected -- when the window is downsized again, the tabs disappear. 

In this case, the tabs shown are much larger than their normal minimum width (probably the same width they were before switching screens), and the last visible tab is usually partially cut off. When Firefox is behaving properly, I can fit about 45 tabs in a window on this screen. I'm currently seeing the problem with only 14 tabs open.

There does not seem to be any correlation to whether the window is maximized or not. I have found no way to recover the window to a usable state after this has happened -- I have to close it and start over with a new window (which is really annoying if I have 15 or 20 tabs open).


Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Have laptop attached to docking station, using standalone monitor as the primary monitor
2. Open firefox, and create 15-20 tabs.
3. Put the computer to sleep, remove from docking station and wake up
4. Observe which tabs are visible, and the behavior when new tabs are created

Actual Results:  
One tab at the right is partially cut off, and the rest are outside of the visible window area. New tabs are created outside of the visible area. Tabs are not reduced in width to fit in the available area.

Expected Results:  
Tabs are reduced in size to fit in the new available area, up to the normal minimum width.