[newprefs] No way to read "save files to" location
Test environment:
   Windows XP, Firefox 2 (Bon Echo) build 20060802, Inspect Objects
   Optional: screen reader (JAWS or Window-Eyes)

Description: 
Two accessibility issues found on the "Main" tab of the Tools-Options dialog.
1. Missing MSAA Name in location text input field
2. Missing "Parent" group property in Download section
3. Contents of "Save files to" selection field is not available to screen reader


Steps to recreate:
1. Open Tools-Options dialog (press Alt+T, then "O")
2. Select the "Main" page  (Press Tab or Shift+Tab until focus is on one of the icons at the top of the page, then press Right Arrow or Left Arrow until "Main" is selected.)
3. Press Tab to move focus to the "Location" field.
4.  Note that Inspect Objects shows the MSAA Name = ""  (null).  Some screen readers (such as JAWS) use the MSAA Name to tell the user the function of a text field.  In this case, the MSAA Name should be the same as the field label, "Location".  

5. Tab to the radio buttons in the "Downloads" section of the Main page.
6. If not already selected, use Up Arrow or Down Arrow to select the "Save files to" radio button.
7 When viewing Inspect Objects you will notice that the parent property is null. The screen reader does not announce the group heading.
8. The screen reader (JAWS or Window-Eyes) says only "Save files to, Radio button, checked", or something similar.  It does not read the contents of the selection box (default = "Desktop"), located between the radio button and the "Browse" button.
9. Press Tab.  Focus moves to the "Browse" button.  Note, again, the word "Desktop" was not spoken by the screen reader.  The screen reader user is unaware of the default selection "Desktop".
10. Press Spacebar to select the "Browse" button.  The "Browse for Folder" dialog pops up.  Note that the default selection in the "Browse for folder" dialog is NOT the same as the current selection displayed in the "Save Files to" selection box.  A blind user has no indication of what the default value is, and has no way of finding out.

Note: Visual constructions like this (radio button, followed by another UI element like a input field or combo box) are not very easy to understand when using a screen reader, since the screen reader often reads only one element at a time, and not the entire line, as a sighted user would naturally do.

Expected results:
1. The MSAA Name property should be set for all User Interface elements.
2. The "Save files to" selection box should be added to the tab ring (even if it is only read-only) so the screen reader will read the information.