Firefox browser crashes when I open 2 pages on Yahoo!Mail website. Also, it does not support Arabic fonts.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.0.6) Gecko/20060728 Firefox/1.5.0.6
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.0.6) Gecko/20060728 Firefox/1.5.0.6

I am using Windows XP SP2 English version (Arabic enabled). I downloaded Firfox browser Ver.1.5.0.5 (Arabic) from http://www.mozilla.com/firefox/all.html. After sometime, I got massage says:"there is upgrade and must be installed immediatly. I installed the upgrade software and I think that update changed Firefox browser from Ver.1.5.0.5 to Ver.1.5.0.6

I have 2 problems. One of them is specifically happened after upgrading the Firefox Ver.1.5.0.5 to Ver.1.5.0.6. 
The other one is common problem with Firefox Arabic and Engilish version.

The first problem is:
Firefox browser crashes when I open 2 pages on Yahoo!Mial.
I used to open each mail in indivisual page so that I can keep the main page of Yahoo!Mail open.

The other common problem is:
The Arabic fonts don't displayed well. In other meaning, the fonts being like incripted resulted to use Windows explorer to reade Arabic mails I recieve from my family members or my friends.

I tried to configure Firefox browser adding Arabic language but problem is still existing either I used Arabic version of Firefox browser or I used the English version.

Also, I uninstall the Firefox Arabic version and install the English one which is the most updated one with Ver.1.5.0.6 and I found it more better that the Arabic one but it does not support Arabic as the way it should be!

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Mozilla Firefox browser crashes when I open 2 pages on Yahoo!Mail.
2.Arabic fonts can not read in both Arabic and English version of Mozilla Firefox browser.
3.Mozilla Firefox Ver.1.5.0.6 installed but it does not support Arabic fonts as the way it should be!

Actual Results:  
I installed Firefox browser English version and found it more supportive than the Arabic one. I added the Arabic language using the command menu like this:
Tools>Options>Advanced>Edit Languages...

Expected Results:  

The problems is still existing with Arabic fonts. The fonts seems to be encripted resulted to use Windows Explorer instead of Firefox browser.