location bar history down triangle and new Go right triangle too close together, and missing hint
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8.1) Gecko/20061010 Firefox/2.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8.1) Gecko/20061010 Firefox/2.0

Currently, the old Go has been changed to a green right arrow/button/triangle.  It is at the right of the location bar, in the gray area, with a rounded end.

Inside the location bar, the small history down arrow/triangle is within the squared-off area.  It is too close to the new Green right arrow/button/triangle (or vice versa). 

On this page, the security lock is just to the left of the down arrow/triangle.

The Green Go has a hint that appears.

The security lock has a hint that appears.

The history down arrow/triangle is missing the hint (nothing appears on hover).


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.position cursor on location bar at the right end.
2.move the cursor a few pixels to the right until Green Go button/triangle changes hue, even though the entire left side (and tip) of the cursor is still within the location bar.
3.Click

Actual Results:  
Go happens, instead of the desired history pulldown menu.


Expected Results:  
A hint should appear.  The indication that the cursor is properly positioned on the history down arrow/triangle should be a hint appearing.  Because there is no hint, there is no way to tell what the small history icon does....  

The interface is just too fussy, requiring very careful cursor positioning. 


The Go button/triangle should be moved left next to the Home icon, where it would be less likely to be clicked accidentally.  It would even "appear" to be pointing at the location bar.

Or the history down arrow/triangle could be moved next to the Home icon, although that would be less desirable and visually inconsistent with the other down arrow/triangles next to the Back and Forward arrows. 

Or the Go region could be made much smaller, so that it isn't activated unless the cursor is directly over the Green Go button.  (After all, who really uses the Go button anyway?  I always just hit return!)