Ctrl+W should close the window only if it has only one about:blank tab
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1) Gecko/20061010 Firefox/2.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1) Gecko/20061010 Firefox/2.0

Note:  I know this issue has been previously reported - see my comments at the end.

Like many others that have reported this as a bug, I was surprised by the changes introduced in bug 236721, "ctrl-w on last tab closes firefox".  Initially I was quite upset with the change, as I'm very use to using Ctrl-W to close whatever I'm working on, but after reading through the numerous bugs files about this I understand the arguments coming from both sides.  The arguments are pretty thoroughly covered in bugs 236721 and 341067, so I won't rehash them here (unless asked :-).

However, I still feel that there are some very valid reasons for allowing Ctrl-W to close the window, even when browser.tabs.autoHide is set to false.  Ideally, I think there should be a separate preference for this; it doesn't even need a GUI.  Since the pro-MDI side is against this idea, though, I believe I've come up with an alternative that should appease both sides.

The attached patch retains Firefox's current behavior of clearing the last tab when Ctrl-W is pressed.  However, it will also check to see what the URL is of that tab.  If the URL is about:blank (meaning the tab has already been cleared), it will then close the window instead of clearing the tab again.  So, if I attempt to close the last tab without meaning to, the window will clear ed rather than closed, just as Firefox 2.0 does by default.  If I really do want to close the window, I can hit Ctrl-W one more time to do so.

I think this should satisfy the need to prevent users from accidentally closing the window, while also allowing those that have a need to close the window to do so.

As I said at the beginning, I know that this issue has already been reported multiple times.  However, all of them have been closed as either DUPLICATE or WONTFIX (except for 348031, which is Mac-specific).  Since I'm providing a patch and proposing a new method of dealing with the issue, I think a new bug report is more appropriate than appending this to the bottom of an already-closed bug.  If you do feel this is a dupe, though, please direct me to the correct bug and I'll post the patch there.

Thanks.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Apply patch to browser.js
2. Open multiple tabs
3. Close all tabs with Ctrl-W
4. On the last tab, Ctrl-W will clear the page
5. After the page has been cleared, and additional Ctrl-W will close the window