"Clear Private Data" dialog on exit too easy to miss (should appear earlier and/or time out)
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; fi; rv:1.8.0.8) Gecko/20061025 Firefox/1.5.0.8
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; fi; rv:1.8.0.8) Gecko/20061025 Firefox/1.5.0.8

When the "clear private data on exit" option is chosen, there appears to be a slight delay between the last browser window closing and the "clear private data" dialog popping up.  Thus, it is possible (and in my experience quite common) for a person using a public computer to close the browser window and leave in a hurry without noticing the dialog.  Since the dialog does not time out automatically, this leaves the next user of the workstation with the choice whether or not to clear the private data of the last user.

This is obviously a usability issue, but it also significantly compromises the security benefits of having the "clear private data" feature in the first place.  To address this, I suggest the following changes:

1. If at all possible, the confirmation dialog should pre-empt the closing of the last browser window.  It seems likely that many users take the closing of the window as a sign that the browser has been closed, without realizing that there is still a dialog about to pop up.

2. The dialog should automatically time out, defaulting to "Yes", if the user does nothing during a preconfigured short time period.  My suggestion for a suitable default timeout would be on the order of 15-30 seconds.  (Obviously, this timeout should not apply to dialogs explicitly triggered by the user.)

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Select "clear private data on Firefox exit" in settings.
2. Close all browser windows and immediately leave the workstation (running to catch a bus or being late from a lecture recommended).
3. Come back after a while.

Actual Results:  
"Clear private data" dialog still on screen, allowing the next user to choose "No" and thus access the previous user's private data.

Expected Results:  
No dialog, browser fully closed, private data cleared by default.

This issue has been observed in practice on a shared student workstation running Windows XP.  I would expect it to probably occur on other platforms as well.

While this is technically a feature request, the feature(s) being requested are ones whose lack causes, under certain circumstances, obviously undesirable behavior with security implications.  Thus leaving severity at "normal".  I do not believe this qualifies as a confidential security problem, though, since its existence will be blatantly obvious to anyone in position to exploit it anyway.