Session Restore feature occasionally doesn't restore correct set of windows from last quit
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X; en-US; rv:1.8.1) Gecko/20061010 Firefox/2.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X; en-US; rv:1.8.1) Gecko/20061010 Firefox/2.0

A problem intermittently occurs with the Main > Startup: When Firefox Starts pop-up preference when it's set to show my windows and tabs from last time.  After using Firefox 2.0 for several hours and leaving work for home, if I choose Shutdown and Restart Firefox, the same set of windows that I normally see are replaced by a single tabbed window that is the last window that popped up from a website that I visited [eg., a NY Times or Mercury News pop-up window, or a wiki guidelines pop-up window that I had open prior to shutting down the computer which should perform a Quit of Firefox via Apple Events if I'm not mistaken.

This problem doesn't happen every time I quit Firefox, or shutdown the computer either which makes it much more difficult to try to repro and fix.  

I am also using a computer that only has 512MB installed and I typically have a mail client [GyazMail, not Mail.app], the old Proteus chat client and Firefox with 10 or more tabs open simultaneously.  I guess it's possible that a lack or available RAM could contribute to the issue as well 

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
Here's the repro steps:

1. Launch Firefox 2.0 [About Box: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X; en-US; rv:1.8.1) Gecko/20061010 Firefox/2.0]
2. Type a web address into the URL field
3. Type Command + T
4. Type another web address into the URL field
5. Repeat steps 3 and 4 above several times until you've got a set of about 10 webpages open [eg., NetVibes, Bloglines, Work Bug dB, Work Wiki, etc. open]

To have these sites open every time I quit and relaunch Firefox 2:

6. Go to the Firefox Menu and select Preferences, then click Main
7. From the Startup section's When Firefox Starts pop-up, choose the show my windows and tabs from last time item and close the Preferences window
8. Shut down the computer by choosing Apple Menu > Shutdown [computer: Apple 15" 1.5GHz PowerBook G4 running 10.4.8 with only 512MB of RAM] and restart the machine
9. Notice that on occasion, only one window with a single tab is recalled instead of all of the pages that are normally remembered with the When Firefox Starts option set as mentioned above 


Actual Results:  
Only one window is returned when I left several open in a tabbed window when the application was Quit.

Expected Results:  
All of my tabbed windows, their associated history, size and position should be returned as they are normally

Additional background info on the issue:

- This occurs most often when a site has auto-popped a window [pop-unders from sites like University of Phoenix after visiting a NY Times or Washington Post email link], or if I click on a link in a tab that pops a new window [like the work wiki text editing guidelines link that creates a new window]

- If you read the last paragraph, you already know that I am not blocking pop-up windows because some sites don't work well with that option enabled

- The problem occurs often after choosing Apple Menu > Shutdown; I'm generally not quitting Firefox [with a Command + Q command], the Mac OS is quitting Firefox for me after I have manually select the Shutdown command

- I have also seen this same issue when I have specifically quit Firefox first [by either typing Command + Q or choose Quit from the File Menu] and then selected Shutdown and restarted at home or work; again, after quitting and relaunching Firefox 2 in this fashion, the only window and associated tab that comes up is the last pop-up window