"Copy link location" crash some features of Gran Paradise and badly affect Windows and can be potential DoS hazard.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9a1) Gecko/20061204 GranParadiso/3.0a1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9a1) Gecko/20061204 GranParadiso/3.0a1

This is critical bug on Firefox 3.0 alpha 1 Gran Paradiso

This bug badly affect not only Firefox. It crashes some parts of windows xp and on older PC could cause "Denial of service" and maybe potential security hazard if can be triggered from remote location.

I went to mozilla.org public FTP server where Gran Paradiso is hosted ant clicked right-click and "Copy link location" on Gran Paradiso alpha1.exe and it freezed my comp on 4 minutes. After that i showed some error that i cannot repeat exactly but it said something like "cannot open mail program" or something similar. i Clicked "OK" and it freezed my comp again on period of few minutes. After that it opened 58 IE windows (yes, i did not made a mistake, it showed 58 Ie windows and could be security issue if used as DoS attack on older PCs) all with same very long adress that went something like: mailto:..... and on few places it contained name Gran Paradiso and Mozilla. Adress had approximately 30 characters and only ones mentioned before made sense.

After i closed all IE windows i found out that i wasn't able to right click anywhere on Widows (desktop, icons, start)and i wasn't able to open My Computer or any other program or document. I tried to open notepad an i wasn't able to. Start menu would open but when i click on any program it wouldn't start. All programs wouldn't stat except Zone alarma and Avg Anti-virus. 
I tried to open Windows task manager but it just played Error sound and didn't show any error on screen and Windows task manager didn't start.
Same Gran Paradiso worked even after messing up Windows but same as other i wasnt able to right click anywhere and Bookmarks, Tools and Help drop-down menus didn't work (but File, Edit and view did work properly). I closed Gran Paradiso and some of disabled windows features were able but some didn't even after closing. I had to restart whole computer and after reboot i found out that it didn't leave any permanent damage to Gran Paradiso or Windows.

This is critical bug that should be fixed as soon as possible because it damages Windows and 58 IE windows could block old computers. 

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1.go to http://releases.mozilla.org/pub/mozilla.org/firefox/releases/granparadiso/alpha1/win32/en-US/
2.Right-click on Gran Paradiso Setup Alpha 1.exeand choose "Copy link location"
3.Bug should occure, but i tired to reproduce it and i wasn't able to.

Actual Results:  
Crash of some parts of Gran Paradiso,freezing of computer twice and damage on several part of Windows components including ones that handles right click and starting of programs and most important, starting of Windows task manager.

Expected Results:  
Copying address of file to clopboard.

I used default theme, didn't change almost any setting because i installed it today. I have IE tab installed but wasn't used. Bug didn't trigger any crash report parts of browser.