Constant freezes, "not responding" messages, disappearing acts, for almost ANY site I goto.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 6.0; Windows NT 5.1; SV1; .NET CLR 1.0.3705; Crazy Browser 3.0.0 Beta2)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0

When opening FF its fine, but as soon as I goto any page have it be google or myspace or hotmail, it either does one of three things.  It freezes completely to the point where I cant even press the "X" button.  Nothing happens at all.  Or if Im lucky It freezes and I receive the not responding message, or on a rare moment it just completely disappears and isint even in my task bar.  I purposely leave my task bar open now so when it freezes I can close it down quick and get back to whatever I was doing.  I thank god for the "restore" sessions on FF2.0.  I have to close down FF and reopen atleast 300 times per day.  Its really aggrivating.  Ive tried the support area, nothing seems to work.  

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open
2. Type url in address bar or open bookmark.favorite
3. Says "loading" but never does.

Actual Results:  
It says loading but obviously its not.  The "icon" in the top left hand corner of the FF "bar" has now turned into a white box instead of the usual icon.  And when trying to press the "X" button, it says "program not responding.  Heres the error signature, not sure if this will help:

szAppName : firefox.exe     szAppVer : 1.8.20061.1023     szModName : hungapp
szModVer : 0.0.0.0     offset : 00000000 



Expected Results:  
Well I was hoping it would actually not freeze and stop unresponding and load the page I typed in.

The bug still occur even after I changed to the default theme and it doesnt matter if i have Talkback enabled or disabled, it still doing it.  I dont know what track trace is, sorry.

Build Config:

about:buildconfig

Build platform
target
i586-pc-msvc

Build tools
Compiler 	Version 	Compiler flags
$(CYGWIN_WRAPPER) cl 	12.00.8804 	-TC -nologo -W3 -Gy -Fd$(PDBFILE)
$(CYGWIN_WRAPPER) cl 	12.00.8804 	-TP -nologo -W3 -Gy -Fd$(PDBFILE)

Configure arguments
--enable-application=browser --enable-update-channel=release --enable-official-branding --enable-optimize --disable-debug --disable-tests --enable-static --disable-shared --enable-svg --enable-canvas --enable-update-packaging