Firefox crashes when re-opened after closing browser window in Exchange 2003 OWA
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.1) Gecko/20061204 Firefox/2.0.0.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O; en-US; rv:1.8.1.1) Gecko/20061204 Firefox/2.0.0.1

"Enable Logoff Warning" has been set administratively using the Outlook Web Access Administration tool in Exchange 2003 in order to warn users not to leave themselves logged in, which is easy to do when using a Mac with OWA.  After closing the browser window while reading mail in OWA, the warning is not displayed (it *is* displayed in Mac Internet Explorer 5.2.3).  When I click Firefox in the Dock to open a new Firefox window, I finally see the warning message (dialog box).  When I click OK in the dialog box, Firefox crashes.  This seems similar to Bug ID 287068, but it is different.  The Enable Logoff Warning is not turned on by default in Exchange 2003.  I turned it on in a test environment and then found this problem.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Set the "Enable Logoff Warning" using the Outlook Web Access Administration tool (or some other means) on Exchange 2003 server
2. Access OWA going to the Exchange front-end server *or* by going directly to the back-end server and log in
3. Close the browser window **without** clicking the Log Off button first (doing so will not cause the browser to crash)
4. Start Firefox again from the Dock or from the Applications folder
5. Witness the dialog box telling you to "close all browser windows"
6. Click OK button and witness the crash
Actual Results:  
Firefox tries to open a window, but that's when it crashes.  Mac OS X tells you that "The application Firefox quit unexpectedly" and offers to Reopen it or Close.

Expected Results:  
Firefox should have displayed the dialog box warning the user to close all windows  immediately after the user closed their browser window when viewing email in OWA.

I have duplicated this on two PowerPC Macs running OS X 10.4.8 and 10.4.7, respectively.  I was happy at first that the browser crashed as it guaranteed that the user's username/password would not be revealed to anyone else that walked up and used that same campus lab computer until I realized that *all* Firefox browser windows were crashing and that these other windows could contain important data.