System doctor advertisement cases browser to close
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.1) Gecko/20061204 Firefox/2.0.0.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.1) Gecko/20061204 Firefox/2.0.0.1

There are several websites now that use this doggy advertisement which causes Firefox to close-out, losing all open tabs.  The URL I have provided here is a clear example, assuming the doggy advertisement is not limited to my country (Ireland).

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.To show the effect of the ad closing several tabs, first open up several tabs, e.g. Google in one, a news site in the next, etc.
2.Go to the culprit URL in another tab.
3.Allow 10 to 20 seconds for the page to load up.
Actual Results:  
The Mozilla window completely closes off (not just the tab with the culprit) with a what appears like a Javascript dialogue saying "NOTICE: If you computer has errors in....".  Regardless if whether 'OK' or 'Cancel' is clicked, it will open up a new mozilla browser window (having lost all the tabs that were open) trying to sell the System Doctor.  If I close off that Window, I get another dialogue again.  Regardless of whether I click 'Cancel' or 'OK' this time, it brings up a download dialogue.  Finally, once I click cancel, I can close off the browser window.  But by this stage, all browser tabs that were open are lost.

Expected Results:  
No script should be allowed to close off more than its own tab, ideally with Mozilla warning that this script wants to close off the current session with an option to proceed or cancel.  

I can confirm this bug occurs in both version 2.0.0.1 and several versions of 1.5 I tried.  The bug is not just limited to this PC, as I have tried this on several PCs, which have been scanned with anti-viral and anti-spyware software to ensure this bug is not the result of external software.

The main reason I select 'Critical' for this bug is due to the nature of the culprit ad causing the browser to lose all open tabs.  For example, if one is writing up an e-mail or some other post in one browser and lands on a website using this doggy system doctor advertisement in another tab, they would end up losing what they have written up in the other tab.