Mozilla is suceptible to a malformed string from the spy virus Loverspy
User-Agent:       Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 6.0; Windows 98) Opera 7.20  [en]
Build Identifier: All

When a mozilla-based browser, such as firefox, is used to access web-based html e-mail under windows XP, it is suceptible to infection from the Loverspy virus. The loverspy virus is a trojan that a user sends via e-mail to a targeted computer user.  The user is enticed by a greeting card, and opens it. Microsoft Internet exploder and virus...I mean outlook express, are susceptible when they are used as direct mail clients. This is typical! 

However, with the latest, and all other updates of mozilla firefox, I found by accident, that the virus, which I think is sent as a cab file, auto installs on any machine at the click of a mouse, just like an active-x virus.  On html-based webmail, such as that from a web hosting company, clicking the link to the "attachment" automatically downloads and opens the virus, which self-executes, and utlizes ntvdm.exe to send out e-mail. 

Mozilla needs to ask to save the file (or whatever it is), and or, scan it. It appears to be a malformed string issue, a bug in windows, but it passes through mozilla flawlessly.  Yes, loverspy is an old virus, from around 2003, but sometimes when a voyeristic employer gets stupid, it resurfaces!

Please be careful, the feds are after the guys that use and create it. 

Neil H. Schubert

Reproducible: Didn't try

Steps to Reproduce:
1.
2.
3.
Actual Results:  
Use a non-virus scanned online e-mail client with an active e-mail account.  Using another or e-mail program or a bogus sender, send that e-mail the loverspy virus file.  Using that online client under firefox, open the e-mail and click the attachment.  The screen should flicker three times, and boom, the virus is installed. 

Expected Results:  
NTVDM.exe was run, and an additional csrss.exe ran, but not as a system process. 

Ask the user to Save As, or reject the file.