Firefox crashes every time after clicking Start New Session
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1) Gecko/20061010 Firefox/2.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1) Gecko/20061010 Firefox/2.0

I usually close my computer with a software like "Switch Off Computer". It probably closed by force Firefox last night. Today when I have started Firefox a window shows up with 2 buttons : Restore last session and Start new session (or something like that). I chose Start new session and then a wizard comes up with quality feedback or something. After I have completed the wizard (Finish button) I'm standing and waiting for Firefox to open. Nothing. I open task manager and surprise no Firefox process. Open Firefox again .. the same window appears .. no matter which button I choose the result is the same. I decide to reinstall Firefox. No change. I get angry enough to go to Documents and Settings directory and delete Mozilla's directory from there. But then I'm thinking .. let's try one more time .. and after I have deleted that directory, Firefox starts (again the same window appears but this time Firefox starts). Good luck .. I'm sticking with Opera :P.

P.S: Another bug. I deselected "Tools\Options\Tabs\Warn me when closing multiple tabs" option and when closing Firefox (2 tabs opened, one is "Transfers" from AllPeers addon) it still warns me about multiple tabs. I don't know if that AllPeers tab i'ts the problem but come on .. it's a simple option has anyone tested that at least once? Or who knows maybe it works like windows 98 .. restart to set up an option. Good luck :P.   

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Read
2.the
3.Details box
Actual Results:  
Read the Details box.

Expected Results:  
It should have started when I pushed the "Start new session" button. I'm assuming since it started after I have deleted the "Documents And Settings\Administrator\Local Settings\Mozilla" it has something to do with opening a file from there (probably some exception) .. but you will find out.

Nothing important .. it's the default Firefox .. with only AllPeers addon installed. But i don't think it has something to do with that.