Apply button needed in addition to "Ok" & "Cancel"
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.2) Gecko/20070219 Firefox/2.0.0.2
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.2) Gecko/20070219 Firefox/2.0.0.2

For some reason, the "Apply" button was not implemented in many dialogs.  This is almost an "accessibility" issue, though at least, a "usability" issue.

Many times I want to change a parameter and "apply" the parameter to see the effect -- but I don't want to close the options menu.  Currently this ability seems to be broken/missing.

As a specific example relating to accessibility/usability, I wanted to look for fonts that were more readable.  Everytime I change the font, however, I have to press "Ok", which makes the font box go away.  I then have to goto Tools, find Options again (usually buried near bottom), and re-open.  Then I can re-position to the font box, and type in the first few chars of the next font -- if I knew the name (font list is long, scrolls off bottom).

All this is busy-work, requiring lots of mousing, clicking and typing unknown font names all to be able to go through fonts and see which looks best for a given page, size and language.

I've never understood the desire to force a user to dismiss an option dialog in order to see its affect.

It's very annoying -- and, at times, painful (if RSI acting up), and is always a lengthy process, since I have to bring the window back up with each font I try.
I'd wish it would be considered "serious", but I know it's an RFE, which by definition means it isn't "serious", and by inference on the list, has an importance *below* "trivial" :-(.

Anyway..."Apply"!  If people have major upsets around this, add a config var
Display:Noshowapply:0/1 or something similar.



Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Goto font selection and desire to try multiple fonts.  Pick one.
2. Now pick next font on list.  
3.
Actual Results:  
The font entry box has disappeared.

Expected Results:  
Desired results:
Configuration option settings stay until I am done, but I am allowed to apply settings without dismissing the options box.