Keyboard KeyStrokes Does not respond... However works when Java Disabled.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.8.1.3) Gecko/20070309 Firefox/2.0.0.3
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.8.1.3) Gecko/20070309 Firefox/2.0.0.3

I am using a Linux operating system with Firefox 2.0.0.3.  When I first open Firefox, I can type the web address into the address bar or type keywords into any search engine like Google, but after another window opens or if I decide to go Back to the previous page, I can no longer type anything into any text box. There is simply no respone from the keyboard.  Sometimes I get a response if I  refresh the window, but this rarely works.  Sometimes one letter will appear, but another one will not.  It is very frustrating and I first thought it was the keyboard or the operating system.  I also thought it was in the keyboard settings, but testing this did nothing.  The same occured with another keyboard.  I even performed a fresh reinstall of Firefox  from 2.0.0.2 to 2.0.0.3.  This did not work.    

I have searched the forums and discussion groups.  Several people have mentioned similar problems for Mac and Windows operating systems.  The same problem exists in Linux as well.

HOWEVER, the solution I found was that if I completely disable both Java and JavaScript in the Preferences/Content box, then I do not have this problem.

But..... then many other things do not work on sites that need Java.  

For example, - I am looking for plane flights and the search engine requires Java to work.. So, I have to press the Back button, Disable Java and JavaScript, type in my new search criteria, again Enable Jave and JavaScript, and then search for what I want.  This is very cumbersome, but works.  I wish at least there were a way to put a Java and JavaScript enable/disable button on the task bar as a quick work-around, but this may kind of be like fixing a broken toilet with a coathanger.  At any rate, it seems to work.  I hope it can be fixed soon as this is apparently a long running problem with all operating systems using Firefox.  I have not run into any solution.  I did not have this problem before upgrading to Firefox 2.  Good luck solving this problem and thanks for a good browser system.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.  Open Firefox
2.  Go to any search engine (Google, Yahoo)
3.  Search for something
4.  Hit the back button
5.  Search for something else
6.  Hit the back button
7.  Search for something else

Actual Results:  
At some point the keyboard will simply not respond and you can not type anything into either the address bar or the text box of the search engine.

Expected Results:  
I expect to be able to type into the text box, but I can not.

1.Open Firefox and Google or Yahoo or any webpage with a textbook
2.Type a web address or type anything into a textbox
3.Complete the task
4.Hit the back button and repeat what you did (but do not choose autofill... type it)
5.If you repeat steps 2-4 a few times, sometimes after only one try, nothing shows up in the textbox or address bar.  You have to close Firefox...or
6.Go to Preferences/Content and diable Java and JavaScript.
7.Try steps 2-4 and they will give no problem as long as you do not need Java for whatever you are using