Firefire popup survey that closes Firefox if you hit the cancel button.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-GB; rv:1.8.1.4) Gecko/20070515 Firefox/2.0.0.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-GB; rv:1.8.1.4) Gecko/20070515 Firefox/2.0.0.4

Why do you keep sending out your stupid popup survey, which for a company that claims to pride its self on having the best anti popup and spam blocks is a bit of a joke, everytime it pops up and I click on cancel it close Firefox, not only without giving me an option to save a blog entry I was working in Wordpress but out of what can only be pure spit it, deletes the content of the post which forces Wordpress to do an autosave so when I restore seesion the next time I open Firefox my Wordpress post opens up with a blank post and only the title.

This is not the first time your survey has done this, it has now done this to me onn Vista, XP and OSX 10.4. If you want to do a survey about Firefox then use emails like everybody else. Next time your popup survey come up on my screen I will complete it, but will give you the lowest mark on each question, so stop wasting my time. I have missed my deadline because of this survey so stop sending them to me.

I will report your company as a spammer if this happens again.

If I got this email because you think I am on a mailing list then please take me off it.

FireFox was a great brower but right now, as a great man once said 'You Suck Eggs'

 

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.wait for the Firefox survey to popup without asking
2.click on cancel
3.watch FireFox close and your work disappear for ever 
Actual Results:  
The autosave on Wordpress was tricked by FireFox resulting in a blank page behind saved, only the page title remained

Expected Results:  
When you click on cancel, as in cancel survey, the survey popup closes and you carry on using FireFox as before

Stop spamming people with popup survey.

Get Google to post a FireFox user survey link on their frontpage if you are so desperate for people to tell you how great you are. It can't be that hard to get Google, who get loads of hits due to FireFox, to help you out.