Truncated & Lost Bookmarks
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.4) Gecko/20070515 Firefox/2.0.0.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.4) Gecko/20070515 Firefox/2.0.0.4

Firefox 2.0.0.4
After opening the bookmarks drop down-menu I discovered that a lower part of the list of bookmarks was missing/truncated. Not just one or two bookmarks were missing, but quite a few. I closed FF, checked the profile folder and discovered that bookmarks.html and bookmarks.bak had shrunk from about 700 kb in size to 128 kb. I replaced the bookmark.html with a backup & restarted FF twice before I could get FF to stop truncating the bookmarks.

The problem returned. I tried to replace the bookmarks and replace &/or delete bookmarks.bak again and again with no luck. Sometimes I would close out FF and look at the profile folder and watch the size of bookmarks.html change from 700 to 128kb before my eyes. After a little while would check the file again and discover the 128kb file shrunk to 8kb, and the bookmarks drop-down menu contained only the default bookmarks that come with FF when it is installed.

This time I replaced the bookmarks.html with a current version and opened firefox by double clicking bookmarks.html.  Inexplicably, FF showed a truncated bookmarks.html in the browser window, and the drop-down menu, however the file size in the (open) profile folder showed 700kb at hte same time.

After reproducing this effect I closed FF and a few moments later when I checked bookmarks.html and it was 8kb.

I think this may have started sometime after firefox suddenly reinstalled itself while I was using it. Since the FF version number remained the same I assumed the software got a minor patch I've been getting frequent updates to various add-ons, but the bookmark changes do not seeem to be related. Nor does this seem to be malware related as I have pretty good antimalware installed. Lately I've been turning the power of instead of using windows shut-down, however I was doing this well before I got the bookmarks problem and the problem persists even after I attempt to fix the problem and then turn off the computer using the windows shut-down feature.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Replace bookmarks with correct bookmarks
2.Doubleclick on replaced bookmarks to open firefox
3.Check the 'bookmarks' drop-down menu
4.Close FF wait a minute, check bookmarks.html in th profile folder.
Actual Results:  
1) bookmarks.html, and bookmarks.bak replaced by truncated version or 'default installation bookmarks' or
2) bookmarks.html, and bookmarks.bak are replaced by truncated verion, and truncated version replaced then replaced by 'default installation bookmarks'

Expected Results:  
My bookmarks don't change unless I make the changes myself.

about:buildconfig

Build platform
target
i586-pc-msvc

Build tools