Web page will not load.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.4) Gecko/20070515 Firefox/2.0.0.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.4) Gecko/20070515 Firefox/2.0.0.4

Recent problem.  Have been using Firefox for quite a while.  Notice two issues.  This problem does not happen if I use IE7.

(1)After logging on to my bank's https website (which worked fine) I clicked on the Bill Pay tab.  The message I get is that it is unavailable and I should try later.  As I said when I do the same thing in IE7 I do get to the Bill Pay page. 

(2)When I try to open MyYahoo page I get a message that that page in cache is an old one and I should login.  After I login again I am taken to MyYahoo page.  Again I do not get the cache message if I use IE7, I go right to MyYahoo page.

This just happened in the last day or so.  I cleared my cache but the same things happen.  Before this problem everything has been working just fine.  These are the only two problems I have experienced.

Thanks, Jerry


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
Bank site:
1.Log on to bank site.
2.After getting to the site, click on Bill Pay tab.

Yahoo site:
1. Click on Yahoo Shortcut.
2. Sometime takes me to MyYahoo page, sometimes ask me to login.


Actual Results:  
Bank site:  After 2 above I get the unavailable message.  IE7 takes me directly to the Bill Pay page.

Yahoo site: after 1 above I get the message about the page in cache is old and I have to login again.

Expected Results:  
Bank site:  I should go right to the Bill Pay page.

Yahoo site: I should either go right to MyYahoo page or a login page after 2-weeks of use (reguired by Yahoo).  But I never saw that cache message before and with it I must always login.

This is probably a minor problem (see below), but for me it is an annoyance and loss of functionality.  If removing Firefox and reinstalling is the answer I will do that.  If no solution is evident I will use another browser.

Thanks, Jerry