I get an error message of "URL Is not valid and cannot be loaded" when loading mozilla and navigating through pages.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.5) Gecko/20070713 Firefox/2.0.0.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.5) Gecko/20070713 Firefox/2.0.0.5

I know exactly when this started happening and i am pretty sure of the reason for this problem. It started when i downloaded a new theme. Since i downloaded a lot of themes in this time. when i downloaded this particular theme, i noticed that sometimes when i opened mozilla i would see, for maybe a split second or more, a picture of something that resembles a robot or anime drawing with smile graphics somewhere around the picture resembling something like this (^.^) or a similar face, and is also displayed on the very top of the bar where it says Mozilla Firefox and whatever particular website you are on right now, which mine says currently "Enter A Bug - Mozilla Firefox" to help you better understand wast im trying to point you towards. I tried re-installing mozilla several times but for some reason it never completely removes itself, as the bookmarks are still saved. I also uninstalled mozilla and went to the folder that was left behind and deleted that, and also cleaned out my registry, but still, mozilla finds a way to leave part of itself behind, which is evident because of the bookmarks still in tact. I have grown fond of mozilla and using IE is like comparing driving a Honda Civic VS a Lamborghini, but, with this problem, i am forced to use IE since i get this annoying URL Is not valid and cannot be loaded so frequently, especially on myspace when browsing through pics and stuff. PLEASE FIX THIS PROBLEM! any questions mail me @ emtpb@aim.com or you could also find me @ www.mysapce.com/emtsaver

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Load mozilla
2. Most likely an error message occurs here or refer to step 3
3. Start loading other web pages and you will get it.
Actual Results:  
Repeated error message of URL Is not valid and cannot be loaded

Expected Results:  
Refer to actual results

It is definitely a direct result of a theme. The theme has been deleted, mozilla has been re-installed many times, still to no avail .