Address bar loses focus while typing address
User-Agent:       Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 7.0; Windows NT 6.0; SLCC1; .NET CLR 2.0.50727; Media Center PC 5.0; .NET CLR 3.0.04506; InfoPath.1)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-GB; rv:1.8.1.6) Gecko/20070725 Firefox/2.0.0.6

This is almost a feature request, but not quite because it is so annoying.
When Firefox first loads, if you start typing an address into the address bar, a lot of the time the bar will lose focus mid-typing because the home-page has loaded and a form element on that page has gained focus, this happens a lot for me with the Firefox Google start page.

The number of times I have looked up from the keyboard (I find it difficult to touch-type non-dictionary words) and discovered I have "www.mywe" in the address bar and "bsite.com" in the search box on the home page, I cannot count, but it has happened numerous enough times to cause great annoyance and for me to write this bug.

It should be noted that this happens whenever you start typing an address whilst another page is already loading that will evetually gain focus.

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Use Firefox on a average internet connection, 512k DSL for example, where pages will not load instantly, neither will they take ages.
2. Set the home-page to a site that has a form element in it that gains focus on loading. http://www.google.co.uk/firefox?client=firefox-a&rls=org.mozilla:en-GB:official is ideal.
3. Close Firefox.
4. Open Firefox and in the address bar start entering the address of another webite that you want to view.

Actual Results:  
Notice that at some point during typing, focus switched to the form element, ruining your attempt at address entry.

Expected Results:  
I would expect there to be some kind of logic that would recognize typing into the address bar and not give focus away whilst this is happening.  Perhaps a minimum delay after a keypress before the address bar is allowed to lose focus.