While typing text it's send to second, non-active tab
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; pl; rv:1.8.1.6) Gecko/20070725 Firefox/2.0.0.6
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; pl; rv:1.8.1.6) Gecko/20070725 Firefox/2.0.0.6

I had opened two tabs with online dictionaries. The pages were fully loaded. I had entered a word in first tab [in textbox activated by default on the site], but the page was loading slowly, so I've switched to the second tab. I've entered the word, but this page was loading slowly, too - so I have switched to first tab back [the page there was already loaded]. When I was entering the next word I realized I was typing in the second tab - I saw last typed words, but in the place of textbox on site on the second tab! I have pressed enter, and the site in the second tab refreshed; I have switched tabs and realized, I have really entered a word into non-active tab. I've tried more times - sometimes it happen, sometimes it does not. I think it's somethink with setting active textbox on the page, but only when the tabs are changed while site loads.

I think it can be a bit insecure sometimes, for example when you enter a password to a form without looking on the screen, and on the second tab you have another site, like chat or webmail client.


Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open two sites that have textboxes activated by default (I mean you can write in it immediately after site loads)
2. Enter sth in the textbox, while site is loading switch the tabs, enter sth in the textbox, and again - while the site is loading - switch the tabs again.
3. Probably You'll be able to write in the another, non-active tab. It happened to me 3 times when I've tried to reproduce it.
Actual Results:  
I'm able to type in textbox on site in non-active tab.

Expected Results:  
I shouldn't be able to type anythink to form that I think is not activated, because it's in non-active tab. It is an easy way to loose important information.

I have to apologize for my English level - I'm still learning.