Firefox refuses to load certain pages, resources or open prefs
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X; en-US; rv:1.8.1.7) Gecko/20070914 Firefox/2.0.0.7
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X; en-US; rv:1.8.1.7) Gecko/20070914 Firefox/2.0.0.7

About 3 times a day my Firefox gets into a "mode" where bad stuff happens. The symptoms are numerous, but are the same every time:

 * Certain page resources will not load suddenly. For instance, reloading slashdot will suddenly not load the .css or any images, though the basic html refreshes. Going directly to the css will sometimes get it to load. Going back to the main page will then sometimes display with the css, but most of the images are missing.

 * Certain whole pages will not load. This always happens on reddit links. Reddit links redirect to from the reddit site to the site they're linked to. When I click on one I get a blank page and the address bar shows the reddit link, not the real page link. Sometimes clicking in the address bar and hitting return will cause the redirect to happen and go to the real page. Mostly, though, it doesn't help.

 * The preferences wont open. Today, I noticed that when I tried to open the prefs, a window *did* open, but it was 1 pixel wide and 10 tall. Apparently the whole thing was the title bar since all I could do was drag the little sliver around. I couldn't make it go away. When I try to open the prefs and it doesn't work, it always puts a new line in the "Window" menu. But this line is always blank. Selecting the blank menu item does not bring the little sliver of a window to the front. Right clicking the dock also shows a blank line in the list of windows (it has the icon though).

The only thing I can do when this happens is quit Firefox and restart. This has caused major problems though when it chose to get in this mode right as I was checking out of a shopping site.

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
I don't know what the cause is, sadly. I just use the browser for a while and suddenly it starts acting up.