Include a bookmark to getmiro.com for new profiles in Firefox 3?
While redesigning content handling for Firefox 3, at one point we were planning on inspecting RSS feeds to see the types of enclosures, and re-filtering the list of possible applications for feeds that contained podcasts and video podcasts: http://people.mozilla.com/~faaborg/files/20070521-contentHandling/unifiedContentHandling2.png

As part of detecting podcasts and video podcasts, we were considering including a link to getmiro.com in the respective application drop downs in the applications prefpane.  The rational was that Windows does not currently ship with an application to download podcasts and video podcasts, and if the user only has Firefox and a fresh install of Windows, this feature would be useless.

Even though analyzing RSS feeds got cut for Firefox 3, what do people think of potentially still including a bookmark in new profiles to getmiro.com?

Pros:

+ Miro compliments the functionality of Firefox well.  Firefox is all about consuming images and text, and Miro is all about consuming audio and video.  With both applications, users will be able to consume every type of media delivered to them over the internet.

+ Miro provides a great user experience, so introducing Firefox users to Miro will improve their overall user experience with the internet, even though this now includes interactions outside of Firefox.

+ The Participatory Culture Foundation and the Mozilla Foundation have very similar goals and values.

Cons:

- Adding a bookmark to new profiles increases the complexity of our default UI (even if it only in the bookmarks menu, and not on the bookmarks toolbar).

- Adding a bookmark takes us in the direction of the Netscape Whorebar (although this time around it is 501c3-free-and-open-Web whoring, which is perhaps a little more wholesome.)

Overall I recognize that pre-populated bookmarks constitute incredibly valuable real estate, but I think including this particular bookmark will improve Firerfox users' experience with the internet, and it is something we should seriously consider.