Data of tabbed pages seem to be corrupting and defective, and broken up as mouse pointer is run over them.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.7) Gecko/20070914 Firefox/2.0.0.7
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.7) Gecko/20070914 Firefox/2.0.0.7

Each new tab and data of the page seems to be broken up, the options menu in tools tab as well. All images, links, download ables, etc, broken and lines all across the page. lines across the scroll bars, the links, the images, website tabs, etc.

Re installation was done at least 6 times. even after clearing registry.

themes (metal lion vista) re installed.

link to screen shot has been proveded. 

http://img136.imageshack.us/img136/7871/firefoxtaberrorxm0.jpg

properties set! 

does not help, problem persists each time a tab is opened and as i scroll down the page and move mouse pointer over links, images, tabs, etc

and the options menu of firefox seems to be broken down too. 

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Opening new tabs
2. Opening options menu of firefox
3. Scrolling and moving mouse around the troubled tab page and taking mouse pointer above links and images and downloads
Actual Results:  
Each new tab has the same results. Pages load but when mouse cursor is moved above them and page contents seem to break up, pop up or outlined and misplaced.

ONLY WHEN PAGES ARE OPENED IN NEW TAB!

Expected Results:  
same as always! 

But the problem persists... 




Even after re installation the results are the same and it was downloaded via mozilla.org

And my friends who use firefox do not have this problem so i am wondering of how this could be solved s it is of a sudden that this all came to be.

And as i am a known firefox user and favorite of it over I-Explorer i wish i could get help on how this could be solved.

But this problem only occurred from the start of October 2007.

So i am thinking what could be the reason to this as i have used firefox from the time i know and remember.

the them i use is metal lion vista and even though i thought it was the theme update or something like that as usual i un installed the theme, tried other themes and left the default theme too but the problem was remaining as always from the start of his month and my net connection has not changed and it only happens when i open a page in a new tab. only the page in the new tab is affected and not the first page on firefox. As in tab 2, 3, 4 contd...

Computer is a intel core 2 duo 2.13ghz, 2 gb of kingston VRam, and virus and spyware free and up to date windows xp sp2.