ctrl + drag a bookmark stays in copy state even after ctrl is released
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9a9pre) Gecko/2007102105 Minefield/3.0a9pre
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9a9pre) Gecko/2007102105 Minefield/3.0a9pre

Bookmarks in Minefield alphas are so messed up it's hard to even know how to separate one Bug from another, let alone describe it properly!!

Try these 2 tests, using either the Bookmarks Toolbar, Bookmarks Menu, or Places Organizer:

[Test-A]:
1. left-click on a bookmark and keeping your finger held down on left-click, press-and-hold the Ctrl key.
2. Continuing to hold both down, drag the bookmark so that you see the '+' modified pointer icon (ie: "copy item")
3. Now release the Ctrl key, but continue to hold left-click.
4. Observe that the '+' modified pointer icon returns to the regular DND 'move' rectangle.

[TEST-B]:
1. Move the mouse pointer over a bookmark, and then press-and-hold the Ctrl key.
2. Continuing to hold Ctrl, left-click-AND-hold, then drag the bookmark so that you see the '+' modified pointer icon (ie: "copy item")
3. Now release the Ctrl key.
4. Observe that the '+' modified pointer icon REMAINS; it does not change to the regular DND 'move' rectangle as it should. (to cancel the copy, find a 'no go' area or press 'Esc')

Reproducible: Always



Expected Results:  
Either method SHOULD work; it should not matter which is clicked first, as long as the Ctrl is pressed then released, the '+'-modifier should be removed. This is a regression in the Trunk.

Now repeat the 2 tests with a bookmark folder ("Places" will do, or create your own). You should be able to observe that:
- bookmarks toolbar: Ctrl-then-click rather than the other way around is REQUIRED, as if you click first then the folder contents menu opens (as expected, nothing wrong here, IMHO).
- Places Organizer: left-pane & right-pane are affected by the 'TEST-B' behavior.
- Bookmarks Toolbar: the Ctrl-key modifier doesn't currently work on folders at all!! (am going to file this separately in a moment)