Attempting to open SWF file opens infinitely many tabs (depending on Download Actions settings)
User-Agent:       Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 7.0; Windows NT 5.1; .NET CLR 1.1.4322; .NET CLR 2.0.50727)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.8.1.9) Gecko/20071025 Firefox/2.0.0.9

Problem description of: Continuous output of extra tab windows in Firefox.

I have a Windows XP system Home edition English version with all the latest updates automatically downloaded via fast internet link from Microsoft web site.  I am using the PC in Czech Republic and had installed and was using on my computer Firefox 2.0.0.6. cz Czech edition, in addition to Internet Explorer.

In Tools options Options, Content, File types, I have configured under Manage …Download Actions for SWF type files to be "Save them on my computer", changed from the Open with ShokwaveFlash original action.

Later another day on 4.11.2007, when I started the Firefox, an automatic update of the Firefox was offered and I allowed the update to proceed. Then I wanted to play a Flash game (SWF file type) residing in my local directory. The game did not start of course but got "downloaded" (download manager window popped up). So I remembered that I should change the action  for the file type SWF back to  Open with ShokwaveFlash, which I did. Upon restart of the flash game (double clicking, as I have SWF type associated in XP to open in Firefox) the Firefox started to create a continuous sequence of empty tab windows as if I was pressing repeatedly CTRL key on the keyboard and clicking on an URL link in a web page. I could not stop this mad behavior except by terminating the Firefox process (CTR+ALT+DELETE …).

I have subsequently uninstalled the Firefox via Control panel, deleted leftovers under Program files directory and restarted the computer, and downloaded new version of Firefox 2.0.0.9 English (US), and installed it and run it. Checked first that setting is for SWF file types in Download Actions: Open with ShokwaveFlash, closed Firefox, and then started (double clicked) a SWF game situated on my computer. Firefox started but the problem appeared again, and continuous output of tabbed windows was being generated and I had to terminate the Firefox process. The appearance of the problem is independent of the flash game and installed version of Firefox.

Later, I had installed further small upgrade of the Firefox 2.0.0.9 which I was offered after re-install of the new Firefox . This upgrade seems to have reset the option "do this action automatically for files like this from now on …" in Firefox. So upon start of a flash game (and with it of the Firefox) a window entitled "Opening somegame.swf" with a question What should I do with this file?, pops up. If I confirm the option Open with ShockwaveFlash, then a new blank window pops up together with the "Opening somegame.swf" window again and so on. If I were to enable the automatic action, then the Firefox would get into a loop, opening new blank tab windows on and on and on.

The problem is probably somewhere in the settings, maybe in registry, which new version of Firefox inherits from the old version. If that is so then your uninstallation routine does not work properly either, as it leaves garbage behind somewhere, maybe old settings, which then effect functioning of the newly re-installed Firefox.

I can use Firefox normally when accessing internet and even play flash games on-line. I can run flash games stored locally on my PC (SWF type) normally in Internet Explorer.

Please fix the bug.
Good luck

Jano Pomik


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.described above
2.
3.
Actual Results:  
described above

Expected Results:  
described above

described above