Non-functional "new pages" open occasionally
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.9) Gecko/20071025 Firefox/2.0.0.9
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.9) Gecko/20071025 Firefox/2.0.0.9

Occasionally I will be browsing any website and I will open a new page using the "CTRL-N" command. For some reason, I am unable to type within the address bar, or any other fields on that page. My home page is google, and I cannot even type in the search bar. I do make sure that the correct browser window is selected and that the cursor is blinking in the correct field. 

If I open another new window, that one usually seems to work fine. The last still doesn't and I simply have to close it. I am also not able to paste anything into any of the fields, and though I can highlight, it does not let me copy either.



Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
Well I have updated my versions of Firefox on 3 Windows XP systems and 1 Windows Vista Ultimate system. One of the XP systems was just newly installed, and the problem still occurs. It is a problem that has only surfaced for me with the newest version of Firefox. It only occurs when opening new windows, and randomly at that.
Actual Results:  
The problem continues to occur on all 4 systems, and it happens on the computers in my schools lab that have Firefox installed. They all have the most up-to-date version as well. It only occurs when a new window is opened, or so I've noticed.

Expected Results:  
Well....when you open a browser window, you should be able to type in it. Not just stare at a blinking cursor.

It doesn't seem to be affected by the plugins installed since all the systems have had different plugins in general. I've noticed that the newest version of Firefox seems to be fairly less stable than the last. I also have trouble with copy and paste commands because the keyboard commands don't work, and the "right-click" commands or the "Edit" commands sometimes work. Very frustrating.