Firefox hangs when loading a few pages simultaneously in different tabs (over slow connection)
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.11) Gecko/20071127 Firefox Firefox/2.0.0.11
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.11) Gecko/20071127 Firefox Firefox/2.0.0.11

Our internet connection has a monthly limit of megabytes and when you go over, the speed is reduced. When the connection is slow firefox often hangs when opening multiple pages simultaneously in different tabs (often only three or even two). This usually occurs when you try and scroll in one of the pages (with scroll wheel on mouse) or when you try to change between tabs, but sometimes it just hangs anyway.

Then it either starts responding again when all the pages are fully loaded, which takes a while, or (more often) it doesn't start responding again and you have to force it to close. It also sometimes hangs when the connection is fast but it usually doesn't hang for as long.

Usually happens at www.smh.com.au (try middle clicking a few links at once) but sometimes happens on other pages as well, especially slow loading pages.

This is not a new bug, it has been happening for quite a while, maybe since 2.0. Also the computer only has 256mb RAM - as far as i can tell that doesn't have anything to do with it but just in case...

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Use Firefox on a computer with a slow internet connection
2. Go to www.smh.com.au (online version of Sydney Morning Herald newspaper)
3. Middle click on several links to article in quick succession
4. It usually takes 10-30 seconds (rough guess, i haven't timed it precisely) before it hangs, especially if you change between loading tabs or scroll in a loading tab.
Actual Results:  
As described above.
This is a site i visit regularly and it happens more often than not if i open 3 or more tabs at a time.

Expected Results:  
I would expect it to stay responsive (ie. you should be able to change between tabs or scroll while they are still loading, even if they aren't finished loading).

- computer only has 256mb RAM - with Firefox running (on Win XP SP2) as well as firewall, antispyware and antivirus pretty much all the RAM is used up. Not sure if that is relevant...