Popup windows within Preferences area can disable main menus (if main Preferences window is closed)
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X; en-US; rv:1.8.1.11) Gecko/20071127 Firefox/2.0.0.11
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X; en-US; rv:1.8.1.11) Gecko/20071127 Firefox/2.0.0.11

This is a bit tricky to describe, but it's repeatable. 

When using the Passwords Manager within Firefox Preferences, the main menu items (File, Edit, View, etc.) can become disabled. This problem also applies to other popup style windows within the Preferences area. But it only happens if users close the main Preferences window without closing the popup, as you'll see in the reproducibility sequence.

This is problematic because -- using the sequence below -- it's not possible to open a new browser window while in Passwords Manager or other similar popups within the preferences area. I discovered this while trying to clean out my Passwords... trying to open a site and test which of the passwords saved was the correct and which could be removed. 

The sequence:

1. Launch PREFERENCES window (Firefox-->Preferences...)
2. Select "Security" tab
3. Select "Show Passwords"
4. IMPORTANT: Close the main "preferences" window you originally opened. Do not close the "Remember Passwords" window that remains open. 
5. Now attempt to access any of the main menus dropdown or keyboard shortcuts. You'll see the menus are disabled. They light up as if active, but do not drop down and do not allow you to access items within them UNTIL YOU CLOSE THE "REMEMBER PASSWORDS" window. 

IMPORTANT: this problem also applies to other "popup" style windows within the Preferences area. It seems intentional, but because the behavior doesn't appear while the main PREFERENCES window is open underneath the popups, i suspect it's a bug. it ONLY happens if you close the PREFERENCES window underneath the popups.

VERY IMPORTANT:
- This problem does not replicate if you leave the main "preferences" window open while opening the Passwords window.

*************

Screenshots are posted at http://chriswooster.net/firefoxwindowbug.pdf




Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
SEE DETAILS AREA FOR SEQUENCE, see screenshots at http://chriswooster.net/firefoxwindowbug.pdf
Actual Results:  
SEE DETAILS AREA

Expected Results:  
Main menu items preferably would remain active even if the Preferences window is closed below the popup windows. 

It's hard to tell if this is truly a bug, but i suspect it is since when you do it, the main menus show highlight, but do not drop down. This is the telltale sign: the main menus probably should drop down allowing you to open new windows, etc. while those popups are active.