OnLoad/Onclick image load failure
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.11) Gecko/20071127 Firefox/2.0.0.11
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.11) Gecko/20071127 Firefox/2.0.0.11

Various websites provide larger images which can be viewed by selecting thumbnails.  Examples: Match.Com  jDate.Com

Web pages load with a main image provided, and alternatives can be selected by clicking on thumbnails.

Instead, no image appears.  It is as if there is something that removes the large image from display.   Clicking on other thumbnails does not bring up other images.  

This aberrant behavior occurs on these two unrelated websites.   It occurs with FF in safe mode.  It occurs in FF regular mode with adblock plus disabled and image size [?] disabled.

The original [first up photo] that is provided by the site does not appear, but a reload of the page will briefly blink that first larger image, which then disappears in a fraction of a second.  It behaves, to my thinking, as if the rendering engine for FF decides to remove the image for some reason.  This behavior also occurs in safe mode.  

On one site, jDate.Com, this only occurs on about half of the URLs where thumbnails are provided.  I can identify no coding distinction between the pages where it does occur, from where it does not.  However, I do note that it does not appear to be random, as the same sets of pages work or don't work; this I can not explain.

Outside of safe mode, Using adblock plus, I watch the larger photo's being loaded properly, coming in from the website, one by one with each click of the thumbnails despite the fact that no image displays.

I decided to write this bug when I just visited Match.Com and discovered that the same error occurred there, on a single page.  This convinced me that it was a FF issue and not a website coding issue.

This error has been a recent novelty, perhaps within the last few updates.  I am now at 2.0.0.11.

I don't know if it is the FF internals, or the javascript stuff.  I mention this because, now and then, I will get a series of failures relating to the module, js3250.dll, or something like that, also a recent thing.  








Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. 
2.
3.