Pop Up Status row above remains, but if option to hide Msgs is taken, then it is gone from the status bar.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9b3) Gecko/2008020514 Firefox/3.0b3
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9b3) Gecko/2008020514 Firefox/3.0b3

Every time I open the web page a whole row opens to NAG me I have Pop Ups.  Obviously, I need to allow them so it will quit nagging.  Only those web sites I have ALLOWED do Not Nag me.

On the bottom there WAS a Pop Up Status button.  If you do a Right mouse on it there are some options.  One was something like "do not show pop up message".  Something like that.  You see, once I took that option (hoping the nag ware above would go away), the Pop Up status icon left the status bar and it never comes back.  (Sorry I can't be exact on the message and option text.  I didn't know the text was going to disappear forever.)

As far as I can tell, the only place to set any of these Pop Up options is from the Pop Up icon on the Status bar if it ever comes back.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open a Web Page with a Pop Up you do NOT want to open such as http://www.newsmax.com/insidecover/
2. Make the Pop Up Status bar go away without having to close it every time.
3. Make the Pop Up Icon show back up on the Status bar once you have mistakenly told it to go away.
4. I think there were some other options on the Pop Up Icon. They need to be available somewhere else as well. 
Actual Results:  
The Pop Up Status icon left the Status Bar and will not come back.

Expected Results:  
The Pop Up Nag Ware ribbon above the web page would go away and stay away and the Pop Up icon on the status bar would remain.

If we said No Pop Ups except for these exceptions, then we do not also want the nag ware.  An icon on the status bar is sufficient.  If we have to have a 2nd list, one that says "And I REALLY MEAN it for these guys" so the Nag Ware knows it should be silent and out of mind, then fine.