Firefox page alignment goes out of sync with the rest of the site when the site has many lines on the page done on Microsoft Expression Web
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.12) Gecko/20080201 Firefox/2.0.0.12
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.12) Gecko/20080201 Firefox/2.0.0.12

I am creating a web site in Microsoft Expression Web using a web site template.

Firefox is having a problem displaying the correct page alignment position when the site has many table rows, or many body text lines, and or many paragraph lines, and goes out of sync with the rest of the site position.

When you don't have many lines on the page, Firefox displays the correct page alignment position.

Viewing the site in Internet Explorer 7, the page alignment is fine with it all in sync.  And viewing the site in Firefox, the page goes out of sync.

Viewing the site with the Internet Explorer rendering mode for Firefox -- the page alignment is fine with it all in sync.

When you split the table up into parts, and body text into parts with paragraph formatting between each section of the body text -- the page alignment is still out of sync on Firefox.

- body text formatting with the enters directly under the line of text with no space between the enters.
- paragraph formatting with the space between the enters.

I tried the site on both Windows XP and on Ubuntu 7.10, both Firefoxes had the same problem with the page alignment.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. create a table with 27 rows and above, or lots and lots of body text formatting lines, and or lots and lots of paragraph formatting lines using any web site template on Microsoft Expression Web.

2. create another page with a few table rows, or few body text lines, and or a few paragraph lines.

3. view the site in Firefox and in Internet Explorer or Internet Explorer rendering mode in Firefox, and see the page alignment position with the rest of the site from the template.
Actual Results:  
The page alignment position in Firefox goes out of sync with the rest of the site position.

Expected Results:  
Firefox should keep the page alignment with many lines in sync with the rest of the site.