universal problem - web display (every website), unable to type clearly in message boxes (everyplace I've tried)
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X; en-US; rv:1.8.1.12) Gecko/20080201 Firefox/2.0.0.12
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X; en-US; rv:1.8.1.12) Gecko/20080201 Firefox/2.0.0.12

This problem appeared with the first of several FF patches I installed in 2008 -- I'm an early adopter. It got worse with every upgrade/patch. What happens is:

(a) when viewing ANY and every website, type crunches on top of type, worst is the hyperlinks, which sometimes are 2-3 layers deep. I even see this on your website.

(b) when typing in any box -- such as this one, in my Yahoo mail, in other submission boxes on any website -- the text also overlaps so that by the time I am toward the right-hand margin, the cursor is usually two letters to the left, so I'm effectively "typing blind." 

NOTES: I do not experience any of these problems on the same sites when using a PC. However, my computer is a Mac, so the option of using a PC is not viable for me. I am on a MacBook running OS 10.4.11. I imagine I have minimal plug-ins. 

I would describe this in typographical terms as a problem with horizontal tracking or variable spacing -- not sure what you folks call it.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.launch FF. 
2. visit ANY website -- yahoo, yours, honoluluadvertiser.com, starbulletin.com, etc. Any professional website has the problem; sometimes there is a degree of difference.
3. attempt to read the page.
4. attempt to type in a message box like this one without 
doing a hard return after say 30 characters of typing.
Actual Results:  
see above. I don't really do anything except try to use your browser.


Expected Results:  
I would like to be able to see web pages without text overalapping and 
to be able to type in boxes like this without horrible typos.

I think the only changes I have made to your default settings are to restrict cookies and popups. Other than that, I've left well enough alone. 

I have marked this as "major" because you are my preferred browser and yet I cannot even rely on FF to use in sending a professional-looking e-mail -- ie one without spelling errors. 

Thank you very much. I hope this can be resolved so that I don't have to switch away from you.