PHP Session_Start() with Firefox for Mac causes site to be unavailable
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9b5pre) Gecko/2008032605 Firefox/2.0.0.11 24892
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X; en-US; rv:1.8.1.13) Gecko/20080311 Firefox/2.0.0.13

As seen elsewhere on the Internet but without resolution.

We have a site that will occasionally cause Firefox Mac to crash. Following such a crash, the user can navigate and use other sites - and can even use the same site if they visit alternative URL's (eg, non-WWW instead of WWW-) but the same crash is likely. This has happened on two such sites but not on others; most of our sites use Sessions and all three of our designers (all on Macs) have checked and experienced this issue.

Mac versions vary and the problem has existed for at least the last few (minor) versions of Firefox 2.0; not sure about previous versions, although online other people have seen this since 1.5.

PHP is 5.2.3. Apache is 2.2.6. 

Unfortunately the only offending site is currently restricted to private viewing whilst in development - please e-mail me directly with your IP address and I'll happily add you on to the list, but we don't want search engines spidering a site in development yet!

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Visit my site
2. Keep visiting
3. Just maybe it'll crash (on Mac) - sometimes not. We have seen certain pages that crash more frequently than others, but these pages are product pages and do not vary at all in format or content (except wording; nothing else special though) from the ones that work
Actual Results:  
Firefox stalls on that web site and will not keep working on that site until being fully closed down and re-opened

Expected Results:  
Firefox stalls on that web site and will not keep working on that site until being fully closed down and re-opened

Although this is (perhaps?) relatively rare and probably not of huge priority, for the sites it affects it is a major bug (assuming it is a Firefox bug; which I have every reason to believe judging from the circumstances) as it will prevent Mac users reliably using the site and others with the same problem.

Safari also works perfectly with this, as does Internet Explorer and Firefox on PC.