Allows Base page javascript menus of a "GrayBox" popup to receive focus making badness possible
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.8) Gecko/20050511 Firefox/1.0.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.8) Gecko/20050511 Firefox/1.0.4

Graybox site - http://orangoo.com/labs/GreyBox/
Specific menu set in use "omnislide" menu 

Hi,

I have a little ditty that uses javascript side menus and a popup window called "Graybox - a popup window that doesn't suck".

What Graybox essentially does is pop up the requested page as sort of an overlay of the current page preventing that current page from receiving any mouse focus until the popup has been closed.

As I've loaded this FF version over my FF2 directories and thus made FF2 a bit flakey I don't start it any longer so I do not know if the bahaviour applies there as well.  Anyway to get to the point FF allows the menu to receive focus when the graybox popup is open and as such I can make selections from it which basically hoses the graybox popup as it becomes layered beneath and therefore cannot close resulting in having to reload the original page.  

I am on OSX, Camino behaves nice as does Safari as does IE when I test it.

Thanks for you time.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Create very basic page
2. Install omnislide generic JS menu
3. Install Graybox
4. dress up your page with a few links, pictures etc.
5. create an omnislide menu item that opens a 'graybox' or via another method that accomplishes the same

5. observe what graybox does to the base page without js menu
6. enable the js menu with some items
7. observe that you can still select base page menu ites
8. observe how multiple selections degrades current base page and graybox layering
Actual Results:  
The page degrades and I have to reload.

Expected Results:  
Nothing on the base page should be able to receive focus until the graybox has been closed


This may or may not affect other OS's but it definitely does not occur in other browsers.

Can I work around it?.. Probably.  Will I care if you don't care?  Probably not.

Do I think it may indicate some other underlying page handling problem?  I think it may yes.

Thanks for your time.. and I hope I haven't wasted any of it.

Good luck and good stuff..

Cheers,

\r