Please tie address bar drop-down MRU list to typed URLs and resettable with history
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9pre) Gecko/2008041107 Firefox/2.0.0.11
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9pre) Gecko/2008041107 Firefox/2.0.0.11

The location bar Most Recently Used (MRU) drop-down list in Fx 3 can never be reset and this creates problems -- particularly for typed URLs. 

Note: What I am referring to is what shows up in the MRU list when you simply click the drop-down arrow, without typing anything in the address bar.

Basically, with Fx 3, the display of visited bookmarked items in the location bar MRU drop-down is not reset with history. The unfortunate thing with this is that (1) visited bookmarks become permanently listed in the location bar MRU list (2) occasionally visited bookmarked items will always have a higher rank than typed URLs; thus, they those new history items will never show up in the MRU drop-down, unless one happens to visit them often enough. However, the problem with this is that, if you are like me and occasionally decide to clear your history to remove clutter, the problem only gets worse, because the score assigned to bookmarks you visit now-and-then continue to grow relative to any future non-bookmarked sites you visited since last clearing history. As a consequence typed URLs practically never again show up in the location bar MRU drop-down list. It is supposed to be a MRU list, but that's not what's happening anymore, because it gets cluttered and dominated by visited bookmarks -- and these never get cleared unless the bookmarks themselves are deleted. But deleting the bookmarks to clear the MRU list would defeat the purpose of bookmarking in the first place.

I have done a search of about:config for something that looks like it might reset the MRU list, but without success. This new behavior is a source of frustration, as my recently typed URL basically never show up anymore -- requiring so many visits to be able to outscore the listed bookmarks.

With respect to the drop-down MRU list, when nothing is typed in the address bar, the Fx 2 behavior, whereby the list is cleared with history is cleared, would be better.

I would greatly appreciate a fix to this.

Thanks

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Bookmark twelve sites (the current MRU list limit) and visit each one many times (say ten times).
2. Clear history
3. Now visit some URLs other than the ones you have bookmarked.
4. Click the location bar MRU drop-down and note that your typed URL does not show up and will not show up unless you happen to visit it enough times to surpass the score to the visited bookmarks.