Javascript calls to other servers hang Firefox; released by changing window size
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X; en-US; rv:1.8.1.14) Gecko/20080404 Firefox/2.0.0.14
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X; en-US; rv:1.8.1.14) Gecko/20080404 Firefox/2.0.0.14

When loading the page indicated (and sometimes others on the same site) with a number of javascript calls that bring in content from other servers -- Google AdSense, Google Analytics, Google Maps, YouTube, QuantCast -- Firefox will hang and not allow switching between tabs, clicking the stop or reload buttons, or closing the tab. It _will_ allow you to close the window and resizing the browser window slightly will cause the page to complete loading sucessfully. The problem first showed itself when content needed to be loaded from pagead2.googlesyndication.com to display AdSense so I thought it was a problem with the javascript code there; however, the problem only displays on certain pages in the site which suggests an interaction with other javascript code and I've managed to get it to hang when calling Google Maps and QuantCast javascript code as well. The problem does not show up in other browsers on Mac and PC.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Go to http://www.travelbeat.net/sailing/index.html
2. The page will stop loading and the status bar will show an outside server being called through embedded javascript.
3. Many aspects of the browser hang: changing tabs, closing tabs, stop button, reload button.
4. Resizing the browser window slightly will cause the page to complete loading successfully.
Actual Results:  
Sections of Firefox (all functions within the current window including other tabs) become unresponsive. The window can be made responsive again by change its size.

Expected Results:  
The page should have loaded fully as it does in Safari, Opera, IE 6, and IE7.

I've confirmed this problem on other computers with no additional extensions. I can get the hang to occur in Safe Mode too.