dynamically changing the position attribute for popup and menupopup elements causes the popup to be displayed in the wrong location
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.14) Gecko/20080404 Firefox/2.0.0.14
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.14) Gecko/20080404 Firefox/2.0.0.14

Let's say you have one menupopup element that you're using as the context menu for both a toolbar button and a statusbar icon.  Since the statusbar icon is at the bottom of your browser's window the position attribute needs to be set as before_start.  And if the toolbar button is at the top right of your window the position attribute needs to be set as after_end.  So to accomplish that you would dynamically change the position attribute when the onpopupshowing event was fired.  Unfortunately when you try to dynamically change the position attribute it causes the popup to appear in the wrong location on the screen the first time it's displayed.  Consecutive attempts to access the context menu result in the popup being displayed in the proper location.  First click = wrong location.  Second click = right location.  I've tried removing the attribute before setting the new value just to see if that made any difference but this bug occurs either way.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Install the cookiesafe extension attached to this page. Please note that this is not a polished version and is only meant for testing purposes.
2. Make sure the cookiesafe icon is displayed on the statusbar panel.  If not open the CS options window and enable the statusbar icon.
3. Right click on the toolbar and click Customize.  Drage the cookiesafe button onto the far right edge of the toolbar.
4. Right click on the CS statusbar icon.
5. Right click on the CS toolbar button.  Note that the popup appeared at the bottom of the window.  Right click on the toolbar button again.  Now the popup appears in the correct location.
6. Right click on the CS statusbar icon.  Note that the popup appears with the right edges aligned.  Right click on the statusbar icon again.  Now the popup appears centered over the CS icon.


Expected Results:  
When right clicking on the toolbar button the right edges of the button and popup should be aligned.  When right clicking on the statusbar icon the left edges (or if there's not enough space it will be centered) of the icon and popup should be aligned.