First-party FAVICON cookie behavior changes with third-party cookie setting.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 7.0; Windows NT 5.1; .NET CLR 1.1.4322; .NET CLR 2.0.50727; .NET CLR 3.0.04506.30; .NET CLR 3.0.04506.648)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008051206 Firefox/3.0

GRC's forthcoming browser cookie handling analyzer demonstrates some odd Firefox v3 behavior that is going to result in questions and should be easy to fix. Specifically ...

o With third-party cookies disabled, FFv3 is NOT *accepting* first-party
cookies with FAVICON replies (but you are for CSS content).

o With third-party cookie enabled, FFv3 IS accepting first-party cookies with
both FAVISON and CSS content replies.

o And if third-party cookies are THEN disabled, you are RETURNING an "old" (stale) cookie that you previously accepted during the FAVICON queries when third-party cookies were enabled.  GRC's cookie forensics page shows this as an orange colored (stale) cookie.

http://www.grc.com/cookies/forensics.htm

This is NOT a privacy concern, of course, since you have third-party cookie leakage nailed down tight under FFv3.  But the behavior demonstrates an oddness that's going to make people wonder what's going on.

Thanks for your attention and consideration.

/Steve.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Enable third-party cookies in FFv3

2. Go to GRC's cookie forensics page: http://www.grc.com/cookies/forensics.htm

3. Page will show all types of first-party session and persistent cookies "green" -- meaning that they were just exchanged between your browser and our server.  Page will also show all types of third-party session and persistent cookies "red" -- meaning that they were also just exchanged between your browser and our server.

4. Change FFv3 to NOT accept third-party cookies then either click "Reread Cookies" button or reload the page.

5. You will now see that all third-party cookies are absent (Very Good) and all first-party cookies are green ... *EXCEPT* for the Favicon cookie (ICON) which will show ORANGE.  The "Oldest Cookie" field will also show the age of that stale Favicon cookie.  This indicates that GRC's server is still *receiving* the cookie that it originally *set* in the browser when third-party cookies were being accepted, but that the cookie is no longer being set.

As I wrote above, this is NOT a "big" deal -- but it's weird -- and FFv3's cookie handling would be *perfect* if the acceptance of first-party Favicon cookies was not, for some reason, tied to FF's acceptance of third-party cookies.
Actual Results:  
First-party cookies are not being accepted with Favicon query replies when third-party cookies are disabled.

Expected Results:  
First-party cookie handling should not be affected by the setting of third-party cookie handling.  ONLY the Favicon replies are affected in this way.