GUI artifacts on mouseover of list items in permissions tab
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.2; en-GB; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008051206 Firefox/3.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.2; en-GB; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008051206 Firefox/3.0

When mousing over the permission options in the permissions tab of the page info window, the list-item over which the mouse is hovering gets highlighted. Under specific conditions described below, a dotted line (like a selection-indicator line) and a solid line will be left on the screen.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open the page info page on any web page and select the Permissions tab (Probably irrelevant, but I was opening an AES-256bit encrypted page with no certificate verifier, specifically smartyTicket.syndio.com)
2. Hover the mouse over any listed permission, then move the mouse to a permission element above it. The artifact shows up on the bottom of the newly highlighted permission.
3. Move up again to highlight a completely separate permission--artifact remains.  Move down to the "offending" list item--artifact still remains.  Highlight (by any means) the permission directly below (and just touching) the list item with the artifact--artifact is cleared.



Note that the artifact occupies space which would be empty otherwise (between list items).  However, the mouse-over on that precise region (2px tall) highlights the permission above.

In mapping out the details of this bug, I discovered another related issue.  If the mouse hovers over list-item "A" while I use the keyboard to tab to another permission, highlight is momentarily changed to the item I activate by hitting the space bar (and check/uncheck).  The highlight does not remain on the tabbed item nor return to the hovered item, but additionally, a piece of the bar occupies space on the right-hand side of the pane which normally remains white. (selection is flush with window border everywhere but right-hand side, this space where it is not is what gets filled.  This artifact remains unless I cause it to appear elsewhere by repeating the hover-tab-space process.

Both issues appear to be caused by discrepancies in the regions chosen to render the highlight, possibly related to an attempt to hide the surrounding selection line