Firefox 3 Table cell (td) and display block then offsetleft offsettop returns 0 positioning
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008052906 Firefox/3.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008052906 Firefox/3.0

If you have a table cell (td) set to display:block and you attempt to retrieve its offsetleft and offsettop they both return 0 instead of the correct value.

This is a very big problem for third party apps for integrating into peoples software where source isnt controlled. Javascript menus, DHTML, dynamic content, drag and drop applications.

My application I wrote is completely destroyed in firefox on some peoples sites now because this bug has no workaround.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Create an HTML page in standards mode (optional)
2. Create a table with cells
3. On a TD cell set the display to block
4. Now tuns of things go wrong! Positioning is off, if you remove the display block it adds white space, all kinds of good things.
5. Inspect the offsetLeft and offsetTop of the TD cell you made display block
Actual Results:  
The offsetLeft and offsetTop were both 0

Expected Results:  
the offsetLeft and offsetTop should be 2

There are tuns of problems when a td is set to block. If you change it to block, then '' it adds random white space.

There is another issue with positioning and display:block but I am unable to pinpoint what exactly the problem is, but I can tell you IT DOES OCCUR. I build web apps and one web app broke on a clients side. I removed display:block from a TD in a parent element, and BOOM it fixed. Privacy reasons I can't link to his site, but I am going to upload an example file that shows the problem with display:block.

Please fix this... its really really important for positioning issues with DHTML and drag and dropping elements. 

P.S. please make the provided function work for getting the position 100% of the time!!! I have to make tuns of work arounds to fix problems with position:relative, absolute, and with IE and safari.