Navigation toolbar buttons and text boxes disappear in every new instance of Firefox 3 RC2
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008052906 Firefox/3.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008052906 Firefox/3.0

Been using RC2 of firefox 3 since it was released.

Today, it was working fine as always, but i closed Firefox and re-opened it because i forgot doing a search on google. When Firefox opened google search text box had disappeared and I was not able to make it appear again.

I closed firefox and re-opened again. This time Not only google search text box dissapeared but also the URL text box did too.

Not being happy about that, re-opened firefox again, and in navigation toolbar it only lefts back and forward buttons and the reload page one. All the rest have dissapeared.

No problems on virus and/or spyware. Restarting OS did not worked. Using Windows XP SP3 English version on a laptop with 512 MB Ram.

No problems until now. Possible failure on "DownthemAll!" add-on, which updated just before anything happened. Maybe failure is on the add-on or maybe on the add-on system.

Notice that I haven't customize the toolbar and that I am the only user of the system the bug happened to.

Feel free to contact me for further information if needed.

Reproducible: Couldn't Reproduce

Steps to Reproduce:
Not possible to reproduce it. Tried restarting firefox, OS and disabling Downthemall! add-on (which could be the failure), but nothing worked. Not even disabling Navigation toolbar and enabling later.
Actual Results:  
Nothing special happened, except all buttons and text boxes in navigation toolbar disappeared, one by one on each restart of Firefox. Everyone except back and forward buttons, which are still there.

Expected Results:  
Navigation toolbar should be like original one.

Theme used: Default theme.

No changes made on my system. No new software installed nor even unistalled.

The only change done to Firefox RC2 since I installed it was the update on DownThemAll! add-on.

As listed above: Using Firefox 3 RC2 since its release date on a Windows XP RC3 laptop with 512 MB Ram. No problems until now.

List of add-ons installed ( * symbol added to those enabled now ):

* Customize Google
* Spanish Dictionary
* DownThemAll!
Fire FTP
* Fission
Google Photos Screensaver
* GooglePreview
* IE tab
Minimize to tray
Minimize to tray enhancer
No Script
OpenDownload
* PDF Download
Piclens
Redirect Remover
* Tab catalog
Thumbstrips
Web Developer