Browser UI (top navigation bar) fails to refresh normally after a few hours of use
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008052906 Firefox/3.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008052906 Firefox/3.0

After a few hours of using the browser, using multiple tabs and a couple plugins, the browser UI itself fails to refresh correctly.  The entire top navigation bar is wiped out and left with whatever was on the screen before when changing windows.  The buttons "Next" and "Back" as well as the location bar and "file/Edit/View" options are unrefreshed.

In some cases mouse-overing the buttons or clicking the buttons/elements refresh them, but this goes away when another window is brought to the foreground.

Just recently, the browser was still generally working after this refresh issue, but youtube videos would only play for a couple seconds and then stop, might be related.

The problem persists after completely killing the firefox process (and also when closing it normally) and restarting the browser, it does not persist through reboots.

I attempted to get a screenshot, but for some reason the paste option fails with "Error getting the clipboard data!" when pasting into MS Paint, might be related.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Run browser for a long time with lots of open tabs.
2. ???
3. Fail ;)
Actual Results:  
UI fails to refresh correctly

Expected Results:  
The UI should have refreshed correctly.

I did have this problem when using the Beta version, I was hoping it would be fixed in the new version.  Alas, my slackness has paid off.

I am using the following plugins:
FoxyProxy 2.7.5 (wasn't actively using this when trouble occured, the issue also occured before I started using this plugin)
IE Tab 1.5.20080310 (not actively using this plugin when error occurs)
NoScript 1.6.9.3 (I use this one all the time)

I'm setting this to Major because it makes the browser all but unusable every time it happens, but no data is lost.