file upload form object doesn't work sometimes and acts incorrectly on others
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.2; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008052906 Firefox/3.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.2; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008052906 Firefox/3.0

i've noticed two problems and one potential problem:

1) on an ssl ecommerce website used by my company, i can no longer upload a file through a form designed for file uploads.  I can browse to the file, the path shows up correctly in the text area, but when I try to submit the form a dialog box pops up and says "Please enter the full path to the file".

2) on a web application produced by our company, I am able to use the file upload form item to browse to a file.  However, once I select a file, the path does not show up in the text area (it looks as if it didn't get the path of the file).  I can submit the form without error, but I don't believe there is any path to any file set.  This happens in SSL mode as well as normal mode.

3) I'm not sure if this is a problem or not, but instead of being able to click on the text area to manually type in the path to a file, it instead brings up a window to select a file as if i had clicked "browse".  I don't think it should be that way.

My boss downloaded firefox 3 separately of me, and he has the same exact problems on Vista.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. go to any page with a file upload form
2. browse to a file
3. try to submit

I'm not sure why the results are different between the two forms i tried, but they are consistent.  
Actual Results:  
varies depending on the form, either problem #1 or #2 happens as described in 'details' section.

Expected Results:  
You should be able to either manually type in a file path, or click browse to select a file, and submit the form without issue.

I tried both SSL and normal connections.  The one form where problem #1 happens is a page with a signed SSL cert, the other is an unsigned cert that can also be browsed to without ssl.