During page loading, a limbo state exists during which clicking links causes unexpected behaviour
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-GB; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008052906 Firefox/3.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-GB; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008052906 Firefox/3.0

When a web server starts responding with part of the contents of the response, Firefox/Mozilla/Gecko goes into a limbo state in which unexpected behaviour (described below) occurs while another webpage is still displayed.

Let's call the initial website X, and the website that has partially responded, we'll call Y.

The duration of the limbo state is variable. Usually it is very short because a substantial part of the new content is transmitted quickly and rendering begins immediately. Sometimes it is long, either because the server actually responds slowly, or because Firefox/Mozilla/Gecko is waiting to retrieve additional items such as JS or CSS. But either way, it's because rendering is delayed.

There are several unexpected behaviours arising during the limbo state:

1) The location bar displays the URL of Y, when in fact the page X is
   still displayed.

2) The URL of webpage Y is added to the history, despite the fact that X
   is still displayed. So from the point of view of the user, we never
   left X. If you then click on a link on X that leads to a webpage Z,
   then wait for that to load, then press Back,
   EXPECTED BEHAVIOUR: you should be sent back to X.
   ACTUAL BEHAVIOUR: you are sent to Y.

3) Links on the still-displayed webpage X lose their JavaScript. If you
   have an <a> tag whose onclick event outputs an alert and returns
   false,
   EXPECTED BEHAVIOUR: alert pops up and nothing else happens.
   ACTUAL BEHAVIOUR: the URL in the href is followed as if the
   JavaScript didn't exist.


This should be quite easy to fix. At the point where the server responds with part of the content, even if you're not going to render any of it, start the rendering process anyway (causing a blank white page, waiting for more content).

If you were to insist that page X should continue to be displayed for as long as absolutely possible, then a proper fix should delay everything to do with switching pages until we have something to render. That includes adding the URL to the history, changing the contents of the Location bar, and whatever it is that disables the JavaScript. The limbo state, and associated strange behaviour, happens because rendering starts later than all these other actions.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
0. Make sure that you have JavaScript enabled.
1. Visit http://www.csrsupport.com/bug_show_case.php
2. Click the first link, labeled "Click this first".

EXPECTED BEHAVIOUR: URL in the Location bar should not change any earlier than the current webpage (bug_show_case.php) disappears.
ACTUAL BEHAVIOUR: URL changes at least 2 seconds earlier (there is a 2-second sleep in the PHP script).

3. Wait for the URL in the Location bar to change, but don't wait too long so
   that the webpage appears.
4. Click the second link, labeled "Then click this link".

EXPECTED BEHAVIOUR: JavaScript alert pops up.
ACTUAL BEHAVIOUR: Browser navigates to http://www.mozilla.org/

5. Click "Back" or press Alt+Left.

EXPECTED BEHAVIOUR: Browser goes back to bug_show_case.php
ACTUAL BEHAVIOUR: Browser reattempts to load long_response.php