Bookmarks subfolders are difficult to open from primary folders
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008052906 Firefox/3.0 Creative ZENcast v2.01.01
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9) Gecko/2008052906 Firefox/3.0 Creative ZENcast v2.01.01

I use subfolders within my general bookmark folders. Starting at the "Bookmarks" drop down menu, I guide my cursor to a bookmark folder, which opens it and shows bookmarks and subfolders under that folder. As I guide my cursor to the subfolder, the subfolder opens; however when I guide my cursor to a bookmark in the subfolder, the subfolder closes and I'm back to the main folder. If I attempt this a few times, I eventually get the subfolder to stay open, but this did not happen under FF 2.0.



Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Cursor at "Bookmarks";
2.Move to bookmark folder which contains both bookmarks and subfolders containing other bookmarks;
3.Move cursor to subfolder, which opens the subfolder and shows the bookmarks within it;
4.Moving cursor to one of the bookmarks in the subfolder immediately closes the subfolder and returns the menu to the primary folder which contains the subfolder;
5.Attempting this several times eventually results in reaching the desired bookmark.  One method which works intermittently is to keep the cursor on the subfolder for 5 to 10 seconds and then attempt to move the cursor to a bookmark positioned within the subfolder, but lower on the screen from the position of the subfolder.
Actual Results:  
As I guide my cursor to the subfolder, the subfolder opens; however when I guide my cursor to a bookmark in the subfolder, the subfolder closes and I'm back to the main folder.

Expected Results:  
The cursor should have positioned at the bookmark within the subfolder.  This was the result in Firefox 2.0 and in any other browser I've ever used.

I am using the following add-ons: Download Helper 3.1, Chatzilla, DownloadThemAll, Greasemonkey, and Torbutton 1.2.0rc1.  Previous add-ons from 2.0 remain in the list, but are not usable with 3.0.