Firefox 3.0 sometimes grabs and holds on to focus
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.9.0) Gecko/2008061600 SUSE/3.0-1.1 Firefox/3.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.9.0) Gecko/2008061600 SUSE/3.0-1.1 Firefox/3.0

I have a strange problem with Firefox 3 occasionally grabbing focus (I'm running KDE 3.5.9, using Focus Strictly Follows Mouse and no autoraise).  Sometimes it looks like Firefox is fighting the window manager, with the title bar and border repeatedly flashing white (in focus) and gray (out of focus) while the window the mouse is in also flashes, and sometimes it looks like Firefox just manages to hold on for a while.

I do not have a clear repeatable test case for this.  I *have* ruled out autocomplete.grab_during_popup and autocomplete.ungrab_during_mode_switch as being the trigger -- with either both true, both false, or grab_during_popup false and ungrab_during_mode_switch being true, this happens.  I believe I have seen this even with all extensions disabled.  This is definitely Firefox 3.0 only.  I'm using the OpenSUSE 10.3 RPM, but I believe I've also seen this with the mozilla.com binary.

I also observe that when I move the mouse out of the Firefox window into any adjacent window that there's *consistently* a hesitation of between 1/4 and 1 second.  When I move the mouse out of any other window (e. g. xterm, emacs), that window loses focus *immediately*.  The appearance is that the window manager controls the focus with other windows, but with Firefox 3 it has to wait for Firefox to notice that the mouse has moved out of the window.

It seems to happen most often when I move the mouse into the Firefox window when it has been outside for a while.  Another situation under which it happens is when I go to about:config -- in this case, when it grabs focus like this, I actually can't type into the filter box until it clears itself up.

I'm aware of the supposed fsync() issue that supposedly has been fixed, but I don't believe that to be the issue.  For one, my disk light isn't turning on when it happens, and for two, Firefox shouldn't be trying to repeatedly grab focus while the supposed fsync() is happening.

It doesn't appear to be an actual server grab; control-meta-shift-keyboard_slash doesn't clear it.


Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
See Details.
Actual Results:  
Firefox grabs focus and I cannot type into other windows, or at a minimum there is a hesitation after I move the mouse out of the window.

Expected Results:  
When I move the mouse outside of the Firefox window it should immediately lose focus.