While opening websites, firefox sometimes completely freezes temporarily showing hourglass (Menu, other tabs, other windows)
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; de-DE) AppleWebKit/525.19 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/3.1.2 Safari/525.21
Build Identifier: 3.0 and lower

Tis is a behavior not only Mozilla, but all windows browsers I know show from time to time (including opera, IE, safari). There must be a very elementary reason behind it. Fixing it would be a very strong argument for mozilla!

The problem: sometimes a website needs some time to open. Normally, you meanwhile can browse other sites in other tabs, and you can further handle the browser, use the menus and especially stop loading the "hanging" site with ESC. In some cases, however - I cannot give a rule in which ones -  the complete browser will temporarily freeze until it finally has managed or given up to open the site. 

If this happens, CPU usage of firefox is nearly at 0%, and other applications work just normally. Even other browsers are unaffected! Only firefox seems to focus alone on that specific website, regretting any communication and parallel threading until having it opened or given up trying - in spite of the fact that there are enough system resources.  

The bug will not appear 20 times, and opening the 21tst article, firefox will freeze for a minute. 

This can be very annoying. I do not know whether the problem is correlated to certain website structures, as it only occurs when opening of a site is slow because of (I guess) server traffic. When visiting the same site later, it may open normal. 

I do not think the problem has to do with scripts on the web sit, as I use Proxomitron as a proxy for filtering which blocks many bad scripting (and also many advertisings). Regardless If I bybass Proxomitron or not, the result mains the same.  Furthermore, I am talking about quite normal sites, often from important newspapers like www.spiegel.de - sites  which do not change their scripting or page structure and which do not use extreme code. 



Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
Difficult, as it depends on server response. But I think every user knows the phenomenon. IF it happens, however, other browsers show the same behavior: try to open the site, and they will freeze for some time. 



It should give me, as it normally does, the opportunity to surf other sites meanwhile as well as stopping the "hanging" download.