Combo box (drop down list) does not get populated with dynamic values.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.0.1) Gecko/2008070208 Firefox/3.0.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.0.1) Gecko/2008070208 Firefox/3.0.1

On one web site I use a lot for TV listings, zapp2it.com, the dynamic combo box for available channels only shows up with one entry, "My Stations".  It should be loaded with over 700 stations in my case having 
direct TV.  It loads other dynamic combo boxes, such as the date to view.  This box only gets filled with about 14 values.  Perhaps it is simply the number of values?
 
The link I use in my desktop Shortcut is:
http://tvlistings.zap2it.com/partners/grid.asp?partner_id=paret2
 
This shows me a listing of my favorite stations for the current time.  There are a series of combo boxes to select other times, dates, or stations.  You will probably not see the series of combo boxes mentioned unless you at least enter a zip code and then select a cable/satellite provider.  I went further and customized my listings by creating an account and selecting the stations, sort order, and how I want to view the grid.  I don't think you need to do this.  This is an invaluable site for me.  I found it on the Reading Eagle (PA) newspaper site.
 

In IE 7, there are 771 entries in this combo box and only one in Firefox 3 (It 
says, "1 of 1").  Could it be the use of non-standard coding by the web 
developers?  Or is it the sheer number of entries?  It certainly can't fit 
on the screen.



Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
3.Load the page.  If this is your first visit, there will be no cookie and you will need to enter a zip code and hit enter.1.
2.Select a cable/sattellite provider and press enter.
3.Click the station combo box (drop down list).
Actual Results:  
Only one value is available,"My Stations", in the drop down list.

Expected Results:  
There should be a total of 771 items in the drop down list as it does in Internet Explorer 7.  This result will be different, depending on your station provider.  In any case, it should be greater than one.

Normally, I use a screen reader, JAWS 9.  But I get the same results without JAWS running.