Firefox steals all RAM until the system freezes (no RAM is available)
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.15) Gecko/20080623 Firefox/2.0.0.15
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.15) Gecko/20080623 Firefox/2.0.0.15

Firefox 3.0, begins to use all available memory until it has gained all available memory resources, at which point the computer freezes and must be restarted as no programs will function. I have been forced to uninstall Firefox 3 and reinstall Firefox 2 in order to render this report. My system has 1 GB or RAM and is using Windows XP pro, service pack 2 with all available updates EXCEPT service pack 3, which dis "funny" things to my system. Trying to close firefox before it freezes the system often results with the process (firefox.exe) refusing to release the memory and shut down even though the visible browser windows may shut down. I apologize if this report is not specific enough. This is the first time I have ever reported a bug, mainly because it is severe enough to cause me to abandon Firefox if Firefox 2 becomes to "dated" or insecure security wise. I am willing to work on this problem, or to submit more detailed or specific reports if someone will tell me what should be done. It hurts to see what I think of as the best browser on the market to actually end up preforming worst then the worst browser on the market (IMHO), MSIE.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Launch browser and use. the longer it is open and used, the quicker it "steals" RAM
2.
3.
Actual Results:  
System (and all programs) freeze after not enough RAM is available to the OS, other programs, or (apparently) Firefox 3. I was able to determine unusually high memory usage by the process firefox.exe every time I tried using the browser - on several occasions over half a megabyte. 


The software should limit how much total memory is used, and should release unused RAM. I thought FF3 had some type of memory manager. I never had this problem with Firefox 2!!!