Distorted ebay search criteria - only happens in Mozilla, criteria is correct when using IE.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.16) Gecko/20080702 Firefox/2.0.0.16
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8.1.16) Gecko/20080702 Firefox/2.0.0.16

This happens every couple of months.  Yesterday I was on ebay via mozilla and did a search and my customized criteria was correct (the same as it is if I use IE).  Today the criteria is all screwed up, yet it is EXACTLY as I had set up a long time ago on IE.  My cookies are set to prompt on mozilla & IE.  I accept all 1st party cookies but don't accept 3rd party cookies.  I clear cookies every few days.  

I cleared cookies today and even emptied my exception list.  I closed the mozilla browser and reopened.  Went to ebay, signed in and did a search. The criteria is still messed up.  I tried to correct it and EVEN THE CHOICES AVAILABLE ARE DIFFERENT THAN THEY WERE ON IE AT THE SAME TIME!!!  Am happy to email you print screens upon request.  Talked to ebay and they say it's in the mozilla settings.

In addition to that, I cannot do a search of completed auctions on ebay using mozilla.  I can on IE.  WHen I'm on mozilla, it keeps asking me to sign into ebay even tho I'm already signed in.  This doesn't happen on IE. 

Finally, when I click on mozilla "tools" & "options" the window that apprears is missing the top bar that shows the title on the left side and the minimize/maximize/close buttons on the left.  I have tried uninstalling mozilla and downloading it again and it doesn't help.  I have a new laptop and don't have that problem on it.  

Please address these issues.  I've tried posting on the forums, but got no help.

Thank you.




Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. clear cookies & exceptions
2. close mozilla browser & reopen
3. go to ebay, sign in, click on my ebay page, go to searches, click on saved search and my previously saved criteria has reverted to default.  
4. go to IE follow same steps and my previously saved criteria is STILL ACTIVE.
5. using mozilla browser, I click on customize search and the box w/choices is VERY DIFFERENT IN CONTENTS AND FORMAT than it appears in IE AT THE SAME TIME!!!
6. using mozilla browser, I customize search with available choices.  I click apply and do another search. It appears back to default.  AGAIN, I do NOT have this problem with IE.

I apply similar steps when I try to do an advanced search for complete ebay auctions.  
Actual Results:  
See Steps to Reproduce. Results included there.

Expected Results:  
1. I EXPECT that mozilla NOT lose my ebay search criteria (especially since it isn't lost when I attempt to search using IE at the SAME time).  

2. I EXPECT that I should be able to search for completed ebay auctions using mozilla in the same way I can when using IE.


After a lengthy discussion w/a very helpful ebay rep who also uses mozilla for EVERYTHING EXCEPT EBAY, he confirmed that he had similar problems w/mozilla.  He checked with another tech and it was suggested that maybe the problem is in our settings.  But was not specific.  

I do run ABP (which I LOVE!), but I doubt that is the cause since I have been unable to use the search for complete auctions in mozilla for the last several months.  Plus nothing has changed w/my ABP or any other mozilla settings since I redownloaded it a while back.  The missing ebay search criteria is intermittent - like I said it worked fine yesterday and not today.  

I use XP Professional Media Center.  IE 6 svc pk 2 w/latest updates.  No new software added, no changes to hard drive...no changes at all in any area except general updates to mozilla and IE.  I'm waiting to update to mozilla 3 until the bugs are worked out.  I never update new versions w/major changes until bugs have been worked out.  

I am and have for quite some time using the red cat theme.  I'm pretty sure the only other add on I have is ABP.

They do NOT happen on any other website but ebay that I know of.  At first I thought it was an ebay issue and I was even willing to live with having to go to IE to search completed auctions, but now that it's messing w/my customized ebay search criteria, it's time to address these glitches.  I have noticed that you have an ebay add on & that there are many complaints.  So I have held off downloading that.  

I really hope you can help with these issues.