Unable to sign into myyahoo.com and yahoo mail from yahoo site or gmail on google site
User-Agent:       Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 7.0; Windows NT 6.0; SLCC1; .NET CLR 2.0.50727; Media Center PC 5.0; .NET CLR 3.0.04506)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/3.0.1

Previously myyahoo.com was my homepage and upon opening up Mozilla I would be automatically signed into myyahoo.com (no sign in link appeared)  Shortly after updating to the newest Firefox version (3.0.1) when I go online using Firefox, the general yahoo page comes up with the link asking for me to sign in. The first few times this happened I was able to sign in and my personal yahoo page came right up.   Now, when I try to log on, the log in box comes up as if I had not typed anything in it.  This is the same when I try to access my yahoo mail using Firefox.   There is no problem with my yahoo account as I am able to access it using Internet Explorer.  Because of the difficulty accessing yahoo I changed my home page to Google and that worked fine for a few times, but now I cannot access my gmail from my google page.  The same thing happens that happened with my yahoo page:  I click on the link to sign into my gmail account from my google homepage to retrieve my mail and I encounter the same scenerio as yahoo; Everytime I sign in, the sign in box keeps reappearing asking me to sign in instead of redirecting me to my gmail site - it is like being caught in a loop where everythime you try to log in, the log in box just keeps coming up empty.   I have tried to access this info using Internet Explorer and have no problem.  I really like Mozilla but if I cannot access these important pages, I will have to go back to using internet explorer.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Open up my Yahoo home page through Mozilla
2.Click on the log in link
3.Fill in my username and password
Actual Results:  
I click on the log in link, the log in box appears and I fill in my username and password and click enter.  Instead of now opening my personal yahoo page, the log in box reappears without my username and password filled in.  I repeat the sign in procedure, but again, instead of redirecting me to my yahoo page, the sign in box reappears.

Expected Results:  
I should have been redirected to my yahoo.com

When this problem first began happening with myyahoo.com, although I was not automaticallty signed into myyahoo.com, I was able to sign in using the sign in link. But within a few days not only did my yahoo page not come up automatically, but when I tried to log in I was unsucessful.  After changing my home page to Google.com I was able to access my mail without signing in.  Now, it asks me sign in, but after I try the loop of the sign in box reappearing begins.  This problem is not affected by what theme or lack of that I am using.  It happens everytime with yahoo and google.