Sometimes When I click to exit a website the browser window will go in a still mode
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.0.1) Gecko/2008070208 Firefox/3.0.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.0.1) Gecko/2008070208 Firefox/3.0.1

When I am on a website and I push the back or forward key several times or if I push the exit button on a window firefox Window will go into a still mode.  Then a message winow pops up while still in firefox and says the follwoing:
Firefox has encountered a problem and will be shutdown.  Then Windows error reporting will pop up and say that windows is scanning for a solution to this problem.  Then it says Microsoft did not find a solution so Microsoft error reporting will shutdown the program and let you now when a solution is available.  Then I click close and Firfox closes.  Then another message comes up from windows error reporting saying that Dep shutodown firfox to protect my computer from being damaged or attacked.  So when I click on the message box coming from windows error reporting all their is is a bunch of questions about Dep.

I have had this issue a couple more times since then.  
Some plug-ins I have recently installed on my computer are:
WOT
pc sync 2 synchronisation extension 


Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1.When I am on any website and I push the back or forward button or exit Firefox then when I push the x to exit firefox then the window will freeze then my mouse cursor will turn into a circle cursor and then a message will come up saying the following: Firefox has encountered a problem and will shutdown so then I push the button close and Firefox closes.  Then a minute later a message will come up from Windows Error reporting saying:  That Dep had to close firefox to protect my computer from Damage.  After I click on the widnows error reporting icon on my taskbar then a dialog box comes up talking about Dep.

2.
3.
Actual Results:  
First go to any website and then try to push the back button or forward button or try to exit out of Firefox and wait to see if the firefox window freezes and your mouse cursor changes to a moving circle and then message should come up saying the following: Firefox has quit responding and will be shutdown.  Then push the close button a firefox should close.  Then wait a minute later and Widnows error reporting should come up saying the following: Dep has closed fireox to protect your computer from Damage.

Expected Results:  
After I performed the steps above I found that if I double clicked on firefox I could go into a website with out any problem but sometimes I found that I had the same problem over again.  The only thing I found that works is to start my computer over again.