100% CPU usage when viewing complex web page loading, CPU usage normal if page is in inactive tab
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.1) Gecko/2008070208 Firefox/3.0.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.1) Gecko/2008070208 Firefox/3.0.1

When a page with lots of elements on it is loading or reloading, the problem is very obvious, but it also happens on less complex pages but duration is shorter so it's less noticeable. It is particularly a problem with wunderground.com weather site, which regularly reloads automatically to refresh weather data. If the load is taking place on the tab that is currently open, processor usage goes to 100% and stays there until the page has finished loading in its entirety. If you happen to be viewing a different tab at the time of load, the problem does not occur. This also happens when any site is experiencing overload and is slow to respond or times out. In the latter case, FireFox will hang the CPU until the timeout occurs. If you switch to a different tab while this is going on, CPU load drops back to high normal. 

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Load up a few tabs, then add a tab for: http://www.wunderground.com/cgi-bin/findweather/getForecast?query=25625&MR=1
2.Watch CPU usage while it is loading. Reload it a time or two to get a feel for it.
3.Click Refresh, then immediately switch to a different tab and see the difference
Actual Results:  
While viewing loading tab: CPU usage exceeds 90% for about 9 seconds, then tapers off over several seconds.

When switching quickly to a different tab: CPU usages averages about 30% for about 9 seconds

Expected Results:  
Video rendering is not that CPU intensive; the two scenarios should be roughly the same. Even the second scenario is not very good performance. Something in the bowels of the browser is not giving up control while awaiting a response to an outstanding web page content request. 

If you can locate a site that is so overloaded as to cause timeouts to occur, the problem is much more obvious - the CPU usage pegs at about 99% until such time as the timeout occurs.

This is a major problem for me, so much so that I am considering going back to Windows Explorer (now that they have tabs, too) or possibly checking out the new offering from Google. As a longtime Mozilla user, I hate to do it, but . . . I can't use a browser that interrupts other software running concurrently for long periods of time.