using spaces screws up about:config new boolean dialog box
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X 10.5; en-US; rv:1.9.0.1) Gecko/2008070206 Firefox/3.0.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X 10.5; en-US; rv:1.9.0.1) Gecko/2008070206 Firefox/3.0.1

While using Spaces to switch between two instances of Firefox, one running the default profile with about:config instructions for developing Extensions, and one running a profile named dev with about:config open, having an add boolean value dialog open in the dev profile instance and switching to the instructions to double-check screws up all instances of Firefox.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
EXACT steps below.
1. In Mac OSX Leopard, set up 16 spaces.
2. In Spaces, set these options, from top to bottom: F8, ^ Arrow Keys, ^ Number Keys
3. Open the default profile in Firefox 3 (if you have no other profiles, don't worry about profiles yet) and point to a normal webpage. Make sure this window is in space #2.
4. In space #1, open up Terminal, and type /Applications/Firefox.app/Contents/MacOS/firefox-bin -no-remote -P dev & (DO NOT close the Terminal window or app after executing this command!)
5. Create a profile named dev, and start it.
6. Navigate to about:config in the dev profile instance.
7. Right-click in about:config, and select New->Boolean.
8. Start typing, but DO NOT continue past the dialog.
9. Hold the CTRL key on the keyboard and press the right arrow key on the keyboard. Scroll through the web page in the default profile instance you should be at, and switch back by holding CTRL and pressing the left arrow key. The problem has occurred.
Actual Results:  
Switching back to Space #1 using the method described above, the Terminal window is now on top of the dev profile instance of Firefox, but the application in bold in the title bar says Firefox. Attempting to call the dev profile instance of Firefox to the front by clicking on it, but it instead switches to space #2 to the default profile instance. The only way to stop it is to either eventually active the dev profile instance and finish all the dialogs or force quit firefox.

Expected Results:  
When switching back, I can continue using the dialog without trouble.