"Bookmark This Page" dialoge box cant add new folder under existing folder or open existing folders
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.9.0.3) Gecko/2008092417 Firefox/3.0.3
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.9.0.3) Gecko/2008092417 Firefox/3.0.3

When clicking "Bookmark This page" under Bookmarks Menu, Bookmark dialoge box comes up. If you clik the arrow next to "Folder" a list of existing folders appears. If you select an existing folder and click "create new folder", all folders above selected folder become selected. If you click on plus sign next to any existing folder that has subfolders, plus turns to minus but subfolders are not shown. This happens on both my computers (XP SP3 from Slipstreamed installed disk)(Initial firefox install was 3.0.1, then auto-updated to 3.0.3, bookmarks successfully kept)

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Restart PC (just to be sure)
2.Open firefox, browse to any web page
3.Click "Bookmarks" Menu item for dropdown Menu
4.Click "cancel" on "Add Bookmark" dialoguebox that eroneously appears due to previously reported bug that happens first time you click on bookmarks menu item (first time everytime browser is opened)
5. Click "Bookmarks" Menu item again to get dropdown menu
6. click "Bookmark this page"
7. Add bookmark dialoge box opens (this time it should because w ehave asked it to)
8. click on arrow to expand list of folders.
9. click on an existing folder to select it
10. If the existing folder has subfolders, indicated by plus sign, click on plus sign to open subfolders list. plus sign turns to minus but no subfolders displayed
11. click on an existing folder to select it.
12. click "New Folder" - All folders above become selected including the folder you had selected and plus sign shows up next to originally selected folder but no New folder is diplayed under it.
13. click on plus sign, turns to minus sign but no subfolder displyed.

Actual Results:  
described above

Expected Results:  
when you click on plus sign next to a folder, it should "open" and display subfolders beneath it. when you highlight a folder and click "New folder" I New Folder should be displayed beneath it.

default theme and settings.