Problem with css em measurement and css menus
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.8.1.17) Gecko/20080829 Firefox/2.0.0.17
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.8.1.17) Gecko/20080829 Firefox/2.0.0.17

I'm not exactly sure how to describe it, but you can see the problem if you use firefox and compare the results with IE7 or Opera etc.  I hope you look at this fairly quickly because this is a work in progress.  Also, this page works perfectly on an XP OS.  I have only noticed these problems in firefox using the vista OS.

Problem 1: Proportional text increase using em measurement.  

If you look at the left hand side of the page, there are some scrolling divs with choices of movies to watch.  If you increase the text size, the text does not expand properly, causing text to overflow and overlap.  Note: there are at least 3 (and probably more) nested divs are used to create the structure in this example.

Problem 2: "Jumpy Text"

When you increase the text size on the page (three times for me with the firefox "text increase" feature), other text and elements on the page move when using  my css fixed positioned menus at the top of the page.  It happens when the menus are absolutely positioned as well and regardless of z-index.



Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Make sure to use the vista OS.
2. Increase the text size using the firefox "increase text size" option under the view menu 2-5 times.
3. Look at the scrolling movie div boxes on the left hand side of the page.  Use the custom css menus at the top of the page.
Actual Results:  
In the case of the div boxes, text overlaps, inner divs are not increasing in size proportionally.

When you use the custom menus at the top of the page, elements of a variety of types further down on the page jumps up and down slightly.  It is subtle.  Look at the text "Video Viewer" on the left hand side of the page.

Expected Results:  
In the case of the scrolling movie divs the surrounding inner boxes should expand with the text.

In the case of the "jumpy text" the text should not do that.

I would say that this is cosmetic but should be fixed as it can interfere with accessibility features.