ARIA menu items of menuitemcheckbox are announced as submenus by JAWS 10
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.4) Gecko/2008102920 Firefox/3.0pre
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.4) Gecko/2008102920 Firefox/3.0pre

When I arrow through the Dojo context menu example, items which are marked with role=menuitemcheckbox are spoken as submenus by JAWS 10. Also, If I look at the menuitems within MS inspect, the items marked as menuitemcheckbox are not included in the total count of menu items.  The description for other menuitems in this menu is "n of 8" but the description for the menuitemcheckboxes are empty and they are not included in the total menu item count.  The menuitemcheckbox role is supported in IA2 only so that may have some bearing on this issue. When looking at this using AccProbe, the description (n of 8) information is not displayed.

The items which truly are submenus, are correctly announced as submenus by JAWS and the other items in this menu (enabled item, disabled item, cut, copy, paste) are correctly NOT announced as submenus.  It is the menuitemcheckbox that seem to be the issue.  FYI JAWS 10 in Firefox 2 will announce all menus items as submenus but this was fixed for Firefox 3 - except for the menuitemcheckbox.
The menuitemcheckbox role is supported in IA2 only so that may have some bearing on this issue. 

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. start JAWS 10
2. load http://archive.dojotoolkit.org/nightly/dojotoolkit/dijit/tests/test_Menu.html
3. press shift-f10 to invoke the context menu 
4. arrow through the menus, note that enabled item, disabled item, cut, copy, and paste menu items are correctly announced by JAWS
5. arrow to the checked and unchecked menu items, note that JAWS speaks "submenu" after speaking these items but they are not submenus.
Actual Results:  
JAWS speaks "submenu" after speaking the checked and not checked menu items and these should not be identified as submenu items.  Also, the description for the menuitemcheckboxes is empty (when viewed via MS Inspect) and the menuitemcheckboxes are not included in the full count of menu items (you can see this by observing the description of the other items and only 8 total items are found when there should be 11).

Expected Results:  
submenu should not be announced after the checked and not checked menuitems.  The menuitemcheckboxes should be included in the total count of menuitems.

Note that IE 8 beta 2 has a similar but opposite problem.  In IE8 beta 2 JAWS speaks submenu after all of the other menuitems EXCEPT for the ones marked as menuitemcheckbox.