Profile on Fat32 goes corrupt when switching between OS X (10.5) to Windows (Vista) and back again
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.5; en-US; rv:1.9.0.4) Gecko/2008102920 Firefox/3.0.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.5; en-US; rv:1.9.0.4) Gecko/2008102920 Firefox/3.0.4

I've noticed this bug since 3.0.1. Prior to this (3.0 included) everything worked well and I could have my profile on a Fat32 partition flawlessly. I shared the same profile between Firefox on OS X (10.5) and Windows (Vista).

However after upgrading to 3.0.1 (and now at 3.0.4) I noticed that in my OS X install of Firefox the following would happen:
1. My homepage would not load on start. Just a blank white page, and nothing in the address bar.
2. My bookmarks were all gone.
3. My history was all gone.
4. Not only was my history gone, but when I went to any site, I could only move forward. The back button would not work (disabled), indicating to me that new history could not be recorded.
5 Interestingly my search engine list was still in tact, included all my mycroft search bar addins.
6. The profile continued/continues to work just fine on my Windows installation.

I should note, this is NOT ONLY for SHARED profiles. I set up a new profile just for my OS X install on the fat32 partition and as long as I stayed within OS X, everything worked just fine. I could even restart the computer, and come back into OS X and everything worked. But as soon as I rebooted into Vista, and then came back into OS X to use the profile, it had the same symptoms as before.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. From within OS X, create a new profile directory on a FAT32 partition that can also be accessed by Windows. Copying an existing profile to this location would work well.
2. In profiles.ini point to that profile 
3. Start Firefox and notice that everything works as it should.
4. Restart computer in windows.
5. Restart computer in OS X.
6. Load Firefox within OS X. Everything will likely be gone.
Actual Results:  
Bookmarks, History and Homepage disappear.

Expected Results:  
Retain all profile information in working condition to allow for cross-platform functionality and shared profiles over different operating systems.

This is really important to resolve as it really limits cross platform functionality especially on dual booted Mac systems. I like to have a shared profile between OS X and Windows Vista and have not been able to do this since 3.0.1.

I marked it as critical because basically my profile gets wiped out (though completely recoverable). Not sure if that's an appropriate rating or not.

Hope it can be resolved soon! Thanks guys.