With 100+ tabs, process is more reliable at lower priority on single-core
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.4) Gecko/2008102920 Firefox/3.0.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.4) Gecko/2008102920 Firefox/3.0.4

At 'Normal' priority, Firefox is eating my computer's processor and destabilizing other programs. Recent speed enhancements in Firefox code may be too aggressive for the health of older systems.

Firefox 2 operates reliably, runs about as fast and does not cause this interference under identical set of tabs.

Temporary Fix: reducing process priority to 'Low' in Task Manager resolves symptom until next start. Have begun reducing priority immediately after launching Firefox.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Celeron M 1.6GHz, 2GB RAM, XP Home SP2, NOD32 2.x, COMODO (Defense+ Off)
VMWare Server in background, but no VMs loaded
2.Average of more than 100 Tabs across 2 windows. (text and static images)
3.Firefox running at its default priority (normal)
Actual Results:  
Other browsers, wireless, download scanning, and eventually Firefox itself become interminably slow. Many programs crash, especially Opera. Opera only crashes on first load, and only if Firefox is already up.

Wireless Zero Service breaks and has to be restarted, plus monitor stops displaying accurate information. Will display no available routers while firewall shows active link and downloads/page loads continue.

Time required to scan downloaded file is multiplied by ten.

Other browsers (IE 7, Opera 9.x, Safari 3) stall/crash during use, with Firefox minimized the entire time.

Opera reliably crashes on first load with firefox running, after that it's fine.

'Open With' and 'Send To' menus can stall Explorer.exe and Iexplore.exe for up to five minutes before manifesting, but open immediately if Firefox is closed or reduced in priority.

Expected Results:  
By no means was any great responsiveness expected, but Firefox 2 did not display this behavior under identical circumstances. Never before did plain HTML with static elements require 95% processor, even when more than 100 tabs were idling.

This behavior has caused Firefox to become the most destructive program on my computer. I have lost work, web pages, even been forced to cut power when Windows itself stopped responding.

Task manager displays plenty of available operating memory and virtual memory.

Problem is strictly related to processor scheduling.

Reducing Firefox's priority class is my only working solution. Even Firefox itself crashes less often and loads pages faster at a lower priority. This leads me to believe that it is interfering with the outside services that it depends on.

Easiest, quick fix would be for Firefox to default to 'Low' priority class when running on a single-core system. There is no appreciable loss in speed, and it stops breaking other parts of the system.