Upgrade to FF 3 and unable to customize toolbar after customize window initially opened and then closed.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.0.4) Gecko/2008102920 Firefox/3.0.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.0.4) Gecko/2008102920 Firefox/3.0.4

Upgraded from 2.0.0.18 which worked perfectly on Vista Home SP1.  

Noticed some of my toolbar buttons were now missing (extension that had installed not valid for FF 3)..   Found alternate buttons to replace and moved to the toolbar.   Later found an existing button that no longer functioned under FF 3 and opened customize window to remove from the toolbar..   Unable to grab, move, etc..   The toolbars now all appear to be "locked"..   FYI, when the customize window is opened, the "bookmarks" toolbar normally doesn't show your bookmarks, but the words "bookmarks toolbar" and all should be grey till you move something there.  Now, the customize window opens, but there is NO change on the toolbars..    you should be in customize mode, but the toolbar remains exactly the same as when the window is closed and you're in normal browser mode.

Initially tried deleting the "localstore.rdf" file and reopened the browser.  Everything appeared to be set back to initial default, but the toolbars were still locked and unable to "re-customize"

Then, tried creating completely new profiles in new folders, downloaded and installed from scratch and still get the same problem..   Once customize window is opened and closed, further customization is no longer possible as all toolbars seem to locked.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Create new profile and copy bookmarks, passwords from old profile.

2.Use new profile to open browser and open customize.  Removed google search box (don't need as home page is Google), selected use small icons and moved tab, download, history and print buttons to toolbar with several separators.  Closed customize window as there were no more buttons I needed available.

3. Downloaded and re-installed extensions including toolbar buttons..  Re-started the browser and opened the customize window.  Attempted to add more buttons to the toolbar, but now locked.
Actual Results:  
Opened customize window and attempted to add new buttons..  Toolbar now frozen or locked..  Unable to drag anything from the window to the toolbar or from the toolbar back to the window.

Expected Results:  
Should be able to add, remove or move buttons on the toolbar.   All existing buttons still function but nothing can be changed.

Have never had a problem with FF 2, only finally upgraded as support for FF 2 is supposed to to end at the end of this month..

Build platform
target
i686-pc-mingw32

Build tools
Compiler 	Version 	Compiler flags
cl 	14.00.50727.762 	-GL -wd4624 -wd4952 -TC -nologo -W3 -Gy -Fd$(PDBFILE)
cl 	14.00.50727.762 	-GR- -GL -wd4624 -wd4952 -TP -nologo -Zc:wchar_t- -W3 -Gy -Fd$(PDBFILE)

Configure arguments
--enable-application=browser --enable-update-channel=release --enable-optimize --disable-debug --disable-tests --enable-update-packaging --enable-official-branding --enable-jemalloc --with-crashreporter-enable-percent=10