Importing a large bookmarks JSON backup makes Firefox crash (out of memory)
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; fr; rv:1.8.1.20) Gecko/20081217 Firefox/2.0.0.20
Build Identifier: Firefox 3.0.5 downloaded at http://www.mozilla-europe.org/fr/firefox/ on Decmber 24th of 2008

Hi.

I updated (almost mechanically) my Firefox to the last version few days ago (from 3.0.4 to 3.0.5). I met some "slow moments" (CPU used at 100% for several seconds...). Because I had several versions of Firefox installed since my last installation of Windows XP, I decided to uninstall Firefox, clean all my Firefox folders and reinstall it in a clean place. I thought it may solve these issues.

Before to do this, I exported my bookmarks as a JSON file. I also saved the backups it had made in my profile folder. I uninstalled Firefox, rebboted my computer and installed the last version of Firefox (3.0.5).

Then, I tried to reimport my backup bookmarks in Firefox.
Some details about this backup file. It's a JSON file and it's 3.3 Mb (I got a lot of bookmarks). So, the processing starts, almost freezes it all, until it crashes (after about 10 minutes of processing). After the crash, when I try to restart Firefox, it uses the CPU at 100% and doesn't allow me to use it (the UI does not appear).

I reinstalled it and gave another try.
I monitored what happened with the "task manager of Windows". When it loads the backup file, it tries to load it in memory and uses all the memory (I have 2 Gb of RAM, it was fully used, and it started to use the swap space). The reason why it crashes is pretty obviousd, there is not enough memory. But come on, 2 Gb to process a file of 3Mb... 

I guess the reason why I can restart my Firefox after this crash is that the embedded DB is corrupted. So, I don't know if this is a bug, or an enhancement, but currently, I can't restore my bookmarks and this is really annoying.

And in terms of performances, use so much memory to process a small file (even compressed), that's surprising.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Use a bookmarks JSON backup file with a size of more than 3.3 Mb, with different addresses in it (no duplicate).
2. Try to restore your bookmarks from this file with the version 3.0.5 of Firefox.
3. Monitor the memory space used for the operation.
Actual Results:  
Full RAM memory used, swap space started to be used.
Firefox crashes and can't be run again.

Expected Results:  
Use a correct amount of memory, show a progress dialog while importing / processing the bookmarks, import correctly all of the bookmarks.

The Firefox I used to export my bookmarks had the "no duplicate bookmark" (that might not be the exact name) plug-in installed. This extension is not installed on the newly installed Firefox.