Not Shown / Missing / Absent " Properties Dialog " option in Right-Click Menu or Normal Menu in Organize Bookmarks ( Library ) Window but Not in Bookmarks Sidebar
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.5) Gecko/2008120122 Firefox/3.0.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.5) Gecko/2008120122 Firefox/3.0.5

The "Properties" option which was present in Firefox 2 and earlier is now gone in Bookmarks Manager in Firefox 3. It is actually "somewhat" replaced by more functional Firefox 2's "Flat Bookmark Editing" add-on. Although seeming more convenient, some add-ons, like "Favicon Picker #", still need the "Properties" option to be shown either at Menu or Right-Click Menu in "Organize Bookmarks" Window. For those kind of add-ons there's only left the Right-Click Menu of "Bookmarks Sidebar" where "Properties" is still shown as the last member of the menu. For full functionality and ergonomics I believe that "Properties" options should be re-included in both/either Organize Bookmarks' "Organize Menu" and/or Bookmarks Window "Right-Click Menu"...

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Create and load an empty profile to isolate this bug
2. Load "Favicon Picker 3" (or 2) or some similar add-on needing "Properties" Dialog
3. Bookmark few other sites to test functionality
4. Open Bookmarks Sidebar (with Ctrl-B)
5. Find new bookmarks and try right-clicking on one of them to see the "Properties" is there
5a. Click on Properties to see Favicon add-on is functional
6. Now open Organize Bookmarks (Library) (with Ctrl-Shift-B)
7. Find new bookmarks and try right-clicking on one of them to see the "Properties" is missing/absent
8. Also while one bookmark selected try clicking Menu->Organize to also see the "Properties" is missing
8a. So through Bookmark Manager you can't get Favicon add-on to work
9. If not sure if properties was there before, try installing Firefox 2 with something like SandBoxIE to see that they were there
Actual Results:  
The "Properties" Dialog option which was present in earlier versions was NOT there

Expected Results:  
The "Properties" Dialog option should be on those places for add-ons like "Favicon Picker #" to work functionally. Although this is currently present in Bookmarks Sidebar, while working with many many Bookmarks it's inconvenient to use to Bookmarks Sidebar instead of Organize Bookmarks Library window just for the sake of "Properties" accessibility for these add-ons. Re-include of this function although seems unnecessary because of 'flat bookmark editing', it is very necessary for add-ons needing this functionality...