Enabling File System RealTime Protection In NAV causes Mozilla to load and react slowly
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.5) Gecko/2008120122 Firefox/3.0.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.5) Gecko/2008120122 Firefox/3.0.5

Starting on the 26th of January, I noticed a slowdown in how Mozilla launched and reacted to typing, clicking on links, and scrolling down the page. I thought it might be due to my running an older version of Firefox but I have since loaded the most recent version and am still experiencing the problems. I updated my OS, my spyware detection software, my Norton AV just to make sure I had not gottten a virus that was causing this problem. I tried various combinations of turning different things off while loading and running Firefox and the only one that is consistent is that I have to disable the File System Realtime Protection in Norton AV Corporate Edition in order to get Mozilla to function correctly. This is a problem for me since I want to have the Realtime Protection on while surfing the web so I am hoping that this is just a temporary bug that can be worked out. I have been using Firefox with the same set up on my system for over a year without any problems until now and my system is not set up for any kind of auto updates so I know it is not due to any of the packages on my system changing unexpectedly.

I appreciate your attention to this matter. I want to resume using Firefox but feel that it is not safe to do so if I have to disable my AV everytime.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Have RealTime protection enabled.
2. Double click on the Mozilla icon to launch

Actual Results:  
1. The launch takes a very long time.
2. Once launched the pages load slowly
3. Typing in the address bar, the Google search bar, or in an email is delayed.
4. Scrolling down the page or clicking on links is also delayed.

Expected Results:  
1. Prior to this, Firefox has always loaded very quickly
2. All pages have loaded quickly assuming there wasn't an issue on their server end.
3. No delays in typing, links or scrolling were ever experinced.


As soon as I click to diable the RealTime protection with NAV the browser works as normal. No other tool on my system seems to affect the browser but the RealTime protection. The RealTime protection seems to be functioning normally.

I am running XP SP3 Home Edition, with NAV Corporate Edition, Spybot SD Resident.