When closing multiple tabs using Rt.Clk "Close other tabs" FF 3 freezes.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.5) Gecko/2008120122 Firefox/3.0.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.5) Gecko/2008120122 Firefox/3.0.5

When closing multiple tabs using Rt.Clk on a tab and "Close other tabs" FF3 freezes.  It is totally unresponsive and neither the dialog box nor FF will close in the usual manner.  No tabs are closed either.  

Clicking on the Windows taskbar and "Close Alt F4" does not close FF, but it does cause the Dialog box to close.  FF remains unresponsive to click selections in a window, but will close by clicking on the upper Rt Corner X. 

Restarting FF, it remains unresponsive to mouse clicks in a window.  I had to reboot the PC to attain normal FF functions.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open multiple tabs (even if blank)
2. Rt.Clk on a tab and select "close other tabs"
3. Dialog box opens asking if that is what is wanted, then FF freezes.
4. You need to Rt.Clk on the Win Taskbar and "Close Alt F4", but FF will still not close.  The dialog box disappears, and FF remains largely unresponsive.
5. FF will now close if upper right corner X is clicked.
6. Restarting FF, it remains largely unresponsive.
7. Need to Reboot to attain normal FF functions.
Actual Results:  
By "largely unresponsive" I mean, after 3 test tries, I immediately went to Mozzilazine to report the bug.  I was auto logged in as normal, but could not select any element on the web page.  All other web pages I tried were the same, unresponsive to mouse clicks.  I had to Reboot to get FF acting normal before I could report this bug.

Expected Results:  
In FF2 "Close Other Tabs" worked as expected without problems.  This was the first time I tried it in FF3.

There is another bug report #456677 which alludes to this problem.
I have not had problems closing individual tabs, and even though I was able to finally close FF, when it was restarted it looked intact, but was unresponsive within the window.  The few other things I clicked on outside the window seemed normal, but I did not test this fully.

JG Berson