New tabs open only in windows with OSX Toolbar Hiding (pill button) turned off.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.5; en-US; rv:1.9.1b2) Gecko/20081201 Firefox/3.1b2
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.5; en-US; rv:1.9.1b2) Gecko/20081201 Firefox/3.1b2

OSX built-in toolbar hiding, which is activated by the "pill button" in the upper right corner of the browser window, forces new tabs to open only in windows with toolbar hiding turned off.  For example, opening Google Reader in a separate window and hiding toolbars prevents any links in that window from operating normally.  Links clicked in Google Reader should, based on Firefox Preference, open in a new tab in the same window as Google Reader.  With Toolbar Hiding turned on, this is not the case.  New tabs instead open in the earliest open window that has Toolbar Hiding turned off or otherwise still has toolbars present.  If all windows have Toolbar Hiding turned on, then any link that would open as a new tab instead opens as a new window.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open two windows of Firefox.

2. Turn Toolbar hiding ON in one of these windows by clicking the "pill button" in the upper right corner of the browser window. 

3. In the window with Toolbar Hiding ON, click a link that should open in a new tab.
Actual Results:  
Observed the clicked link opening in the window with Toolbar Hiding OFF.

This may also be observed in more than two open windows.  In cases where all windows have Toolbar Hiding turned ON (as in Step 2), Step 3 will result in the following altered result:

Observed the opening of a new window containing the linked page clicked in Step 3.

Expected Results:  
The link clicked in Step 3 should have opened as a new tab in the window containing the link, regardless of Toolbar Hiding state.

This problem exists while using the default theme and during Safe Mode operation.  User has Expose and Spaces enabled on the computer where this bug was observed.  Problem seems limited to Mac OSX, based on replies to a support.mozilla.com thread started by report filer (Thread title:  Non-parent windows open new tabs in the parent window in Firefox 3.1b2 on Mac OS X 10.5). Tested only on OS X Ver. 10.5.6