Resizing div with overflow auto causes content to jump out of div.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1b2) Gecko/20081201 Firefox/3.1b2
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1b2) Gecko/20081201 Firefox/3.1b2

With an absolute or fixed positioned div whose overflow is set to auto, if you resize that div with javascript it's content will temporarily jump out of it's container.

In basic situations, the content is just thrown to the left or right of where it should be for a moment.

In more complex situations, the content is thrown below the absolutely positioned div, and you will see duplicate drawings of other absolutely positioned divs in the glitchy redraw as well.




Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
Basic Problem:
1. Go here: http://greghoustondesign.com/examples/firefox/bugs/mocha/
2. Go to Help > Features
3. A DHTML window, titled, "Features", will appear. Grab the left hand edge of that window and resize the container quickly to the left and right. Notice the content of the window jumping in and out of the window a bit.
Note that if you resize the DHTML on the right hand side that this problem does not occur.

Basic Problem Example 2:
1. On the same page, note that there are three columns.
2. Grab the handle between the first and second column and resize left to right.
3. Notice how the content in all three columns goes a little crazy. This only occurs because the content of the panels inside each of the columsn as overflow set to auto. Also note that this renders quite smoothly in Safari, Opera, Chrome, and IE6,7, & 8.

Complex Example. This may actually be a combination of bugs:
1. In the left column, in the Examples, click on "Split Panel". A two column layout then appears in the top panel in the center column.
2. Move the resize handle between the columns left and right. Note how the content of the right panel jumps out of the div and covers the content below it. Also, and this is the crazier part, if there are any open DHTML windows, you will see duplicates of them rendered on top of the content that has been pushed out of the panel.
Actual Results:  
Content flickers. Content is thrown out of its container temporarily. Ghost images of other absolutely positioned content is rendered on top of the content that has been thrown out of it's container.

Expected Results:  
Smooth, glitch free resizing of divs whose overflow is set to auto.

There are quite a few bug reports relating to absolutely positioned divs with overflow set to auto. I was unable however to find a duplicate of this one in particular.