Multiple tabs opened with one or two of the tabs contain youtube or streaming video content causes browser crash
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1b3) Gecko/20090305 Firefox/3.1b3
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1b3) Gecko/20090305 Firefox/3.1b3

Hello,

Normally I have maybe two to three browsers/tabs opened at a time.  When One of the tabs/browsers have any streaming video content (i.e. youtube, worldstarhiphop, and etc.) Once the media is played or in "action" my firefox browser crashed all the time.  But, if I have the same type of media in one browser by itself with no other tabs/browser open, my firefox does not crash or crashes a lot less.  I do not have this problem with Internet Explorer or Opera web browsers.  I shouldn't have to use "one sole" browser alone just to view streaming content to prevent any possible crashes.  This only happens when streaming video is in effect.  Also, the "colortabs" add-on does not work for 3.1Beta3.  I love the colortabs, it helps separate everything.  This option should be built in and activated/de-activated upon users request.  Other than those issue.........FIREFOX IS A GREAT TOOL AND I LOVE IT!!!!

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Open at least two to three browsers
2.goto youtube.com or worldstarhiphop.com or onsmash.com
3.Watching streaming content within only one of those browser and it will crash
Actual Results:  
Crash

Expected Results:  
Crash

Normally I have maybe two to three browsers/tabs opened at a time.  When One of the tabs/browsers have any streaming video content (i.e. youtube, worldstarhiphop, and etc.) Once the media is played or in "action" my firefox browser crashed all the time.  But, if I have the same type of media in one browser by itself with no other tabs/browser open, my firefox does not crash or crashes a lot less.  I do not have this problem with Internet Explorer or Opera web browsers.  I shouldn't have to use "one sole" browser alone just to view streaming content to prevent any possible crashes.  This only happens when streaming video is in effect.  Also, the "colortabs" add-on does not work for 3.1Beta3.  I love the colortabs, it helps separate everything.  This option should be built in and activated/de-activated upon users request.  Other than those issue.........FIREFOX IS A GREAT TOOL AND I LOVE IT!!!!