rectangular gif images with a single color on a transparent background improperly rendered
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.2; en-US; rv:1.9.0.8) Gecko/2009032609 Firefox/3.0.8
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.2; en-US; rv:1.9.0.8) Gecko/2009032609 Firefox/3.0.8

The given url is supposed to show road conditions across the state of Oklahoma.  It uses a gif image to show the hazard (if any) for each county.  Most of the counties are not rectangular, and so are rendered correctly in Firefox.  However, there are 8 counties that are rectangular on this web page and they are not rendered correctly in Firefox (they are all rendered correctly in IE).  Each county is colored in with a particular color showing the hazard.  What I believe is happening: say for Grant county, the gif is (I believe) transparent out to 595x317, and Grant county is colored in of size 40x32.  However, Firefox is filling in the transparent portions of the gif starting at the location of Grant county and filling it in both right and down from where Grant county is.

You can see the list of all county gif's at this web site:
http://www.dps.state.ok.us/images/map/

If you view the following counties with Firefox, you should see the problem:
Alfalfa (all 4 colors)
Cimarron (all 4 colors)
Dewey (all 4 colors)
Garfield (all 4 colors)
Grant (all 4 colors)
Kingfisher (all 4 colors)
Lincoln (all 4 colors)
Oklahoma (all 4 colors)
Stephens (only blue, the others are not rectangular and therefore don't have the problem)

If you view any of the other counties besides the ones listed above, you will get a feel for how much of the area should be colored in.

I created a local copy of the page, and when I changed a single pixel (the upper left one to black) in the affected gif images, the whole web page displayed correctly.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Visit either the main web site or the directory of gif images
(main page may not show problem if there is no bad weather, but individual gifs will always show problem)
2. The main web site (or the indicated county gifs) will not display properly
3. 
Actual Results:  
Since the web site overlays gifs of each county, the improperly rendered gifs cover over large portions of the state making most of the page unreadable.

Expected Results:  
Each gif should only cover its own portion of the state (its own county) and the colored in county should not be colored out to the edge of the full transparent gif.