Downloads window shows each file is "Starting..." though all have finished downloading
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.0.8) Gecko/2009032609 Firefox/3.0.8 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.0.8) Gecko/2009032609 Firefox/3.0.8 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

Each time I download a file (typically, a file attached to a mail message that I received in new Yahoo! Mail), Firefox lists that file in the popup "Downloads" window. It shows the download status as "Starting..." and never changes the entry, even after the file has been successfully downloaded to my PC.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
I'm not sure how to reproduce the problem elsewhere, though it now happens every time I download a file attached to a mail message that I receive in the (new) Yahoo! Mail client.

I experience the problem this way:
1. Log into Yahoo! Mail (using their new Mail user interface)
2. In my Inbox, double-click a message that has one or more attachments
3. Click the link to the attachment (an individual attachment, or "Download all")
4. In the "Download Attachment" (Norton AntiVirus) message box, click "Download Attachment"
5. In the "Opening <name-of-attachment>" dialog box, click "OK" (Note: It doesn't matter if I select "Open with..." or "Save File."
Actual Results:  
1. The file downloads successfully, either opening in the specified application or being saved on a local disk.
2. The Firefox "Downloads" window displays a new entry for this file. The entry contains the appropriate icon, the file name, an empty progress bar beneath which is the word "Starting...", and an (X) widget to delete that entry (which, BTW, does nothing--I cannot remove the entry).
3. The "Clear List" button and "Search..." text field in the Downloads window are disabled.
4. Right-clicking any entry in the Downloads window displays a context menu with only these entries enabled:
 Cancel
 Copy Download Link
 Select All
All other entries are disabled. "Cancel" has no effect -- the entry remains as described in #2, above.

Expected Results:  
1. The progress bar should be filled from left to right as the download proceeds, and the number of bytes downloaded should display.
2. After the download completes, right-clicking the entry should display a context menu that contains, among other things, "Open" and "Open Containing Folder."
3. Clicking the (X) widget should delete the entry from the Downloads window.
4. Clicking the "Clear List" button should remove all entries from the Downloads window.