Closing Firefox causes all authenticated sessions to terminate
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.8) Gecko/2009032609 Firefox/3.0.8
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.8) Gecko/2009032609 Firefox/3.0.8

Started 4/6/2009, I usually have Firefox set to NOT remember passwords, to dump some private data (cache and history but not cookies), and to accept cookies and third party cookies. Normally, I can log into my mail, my Google accounts, and my Facebook account and close Firefox and reopen it and it remembers that I am logged in to those accounts. I am not required to have Firefox remember the passwords, it just remembers that I am still in an authenticated session. This will maintain until the cookies expire, or I purposely log out of a site.

As of today, everytime I close Firefox (regardless of how I change the privacy and security settings) I am logged out of all accounts. This is very irritating. I updated my Firefox a few minutes ago just to make sure it wasn't just that the version I had (which was updated a month ago) was the problem but it is still doing it. 

The only change I have made to my Firefox other than that, is that I downloaded the new Google Earth plug-in for Firefox yesterday. Is it possible that there is a conflict with this, or is this just some kind of weird bug that will disappear in a few hours?

Thanks for your help in fixing this.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Open Firefox, home page loads (yahoo mail) but I am not logged in.
2.Log into home page (yahoo mail)
3. Log into mail
4. Open another tab, log into Google (note that checked boxs for staying logged in are utilized on all Google and Yahoo accounts).
5. Open another tab, log into Facebook.
6. Regardless of privacy or security settings, close Firefox
7. Open Firefox and all accounts are logged out.
Actual Results:  
I am logged out of all accounts regardless of the settings I tell Firefox to use regarding privacy and security. Currently I have Firefox set to NOT delete any private data and to accept all cookies and it still logs me out of everything. This only started happening today (4/6/09).

Expected Results:  
Normally, when I close Firefox, I stayed logged into my sessions unless I have logged out on purpose or the cookies expire.

The only change I have made to my system is that I downloaded the new Google Earth Plug-in yesterday. I will try uninstalling it and see if that helps.