Several strange focus problems with 3.0.9
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.9) Gecko/2009040821 (CK-IBM) Firefox/3.0.9
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.9) Gecko/2009040821 (CK-IBM) Firefox/3.0.9

Since installing 3.0.9, I've run into at least 3 different focus issues.  In all these scenarios I have several Firefox windows open, each with several tabs.

1) Opening a link from an external application causes the link to be opened in the first(?) window, rather than the Firefox window with the last focus.  e.g. I open 3 Firefox windows in order: A, B & C.  B has focus.  I switch to another application and click on a link.  It launches the link in Firefox, but instead of opening it in a tab in window B, it opens it in window A.

2) Clicking on a Firefox window in the task bar causes it to restore behind the currently focused Firefox window.  e.g. I have 3 Firefox windows open: A, B & C.  A & C are minimized and B has focus.  I click on window A in the task bar and it restores, but it appears behind window B.

3) Unlocking the screensaver results in all Firefox windows restoring(?) and flashing to the front.  The actual Firefox window that last had focus appears at the back of the Z order.  This is a strange one.  e.g. I have 4 Firefox windows open: A, B, C & D.  Some may be minimized, but C has focus.  I then lock the screen and later come back and unlock it.  When I unlock it, all 4 Firefox windows flash to the front and window C is behind them all.

Unfortunately, I've not been able to figure out how to reproduce them, but they have all happened more than once.  I will continue to observe and if I come up with something reproducible, I'll comment.

I've never seen this behavior in any prior release of Firefox.

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
None so far.  Just observe the behavior outlined in the 3 scenarios above.
Actual Results:  
Wrong window having focus or focus window appearing behind other Firefox windows.

Expected Results:  
Proper focus behavior (e.g. the way it worked in 3.0.8 or earlier).

None at the moment.