cannot access surveys at these sites after updates for several days, up to weeks after updates.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.5; en-US; rv:1.9.0.10) Gecko/2009042315 Firefox/3.0.10
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.5; en-US; rv:1.9.0.10) Gecko/2009042315 Firefox/3.0.10

I routinely do surveys online at the two sites listed and many others. Immediately after every Firefox update, including this last one, when I go to the survey sites, I will either be unable to access the sites at all or be unable to access certain features in the surveys. Firefox will hang and not allow me to proceed, either to start or complete a survey, or to participate in follow up activities after a survey. This has happened with ALL the updates and it is making me a bit crazy. Usually I report the problem to the individual survey companies, but I thought this time I'd tell Bugzilla because it keeps happening after every update. I am beginning to dread seeing the notification for each new update !

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Will happen the same every time with every affected site until the problem is resolved, until the next update comes. 
2.
3.
Actual Results:  
Different sites are affected slightly differently. To begin I click on an URL in the email invitation for a survey. With some sites, cannot access the URL, get a hangup that goes nowhere and cannot do survey. Or I will be able to access the site, begin the survey, but be unable to finish it, because Firefox will hang after the first few pages. Not a given number of pages, sorry. Or will actually be able to complete survey but be unable to go on to follow up activity, like a game or poll. Usually these are accessed by clicking on a link, but if the problem occurs, after I click the link,Firefox hangs.

Expected Results:  
Should not have any problem accessing survey URL, or completing all the pages, or getting into the games afterward. When Firefox is working properly, don't have any problems.

Should not hang up on these surveys, anywhere, anytime. This problem is consistent in that it has happened after every new update, continuing for many days, up to a couple of weeks. While the lost data is not personally critical to me, it is very important to the folks who are gathering the data and if I don't complete a given number of surveys I can lose opportunities for new ones, for prizes, and for feedback. It's extremely annoying. Though it usually seems to get resolved within a couple of weeks of each update, that length of time can affect several dozen surveys that I'll be unable to complete. Safari, while it is an alternative, simply does not work for many of the surveys, as the companies who create them usually only support one Mac browser, and their browser of choice IS Firefox. And personally, I like Firefox much better than Safari, when it's working.