Dragging a tab to open a new window makes shutting that window impossible
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; es-AR; rv:1.9.1) Gecko/20090616 Firefox/3.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; es-AR; rv:1.9.1) Gecko/20090616 Firefox/3.5

I cannot close the first two windows without closing the browser. Should I close the browser, when I restart it, I get the same three windows opened and the same issue as before
I cannot close the browser clicking on the red cross over the upper right corner, only by File>Exit.

Or to force the browser to close by Ctrl+Alt+Del, Aplications, selecting one of the extra windows (not the browser’s one), clicking Finish task. Then all the windows get closed including the browser’s one and when I restart the browser I get the “This is a shame” message within the restore session window, then I select “Start a new session” and then and only then I have a normal browser window.

Lo and behold I try to tear of a tag to open in a new window, or I right click on a tag and choose Open in a new window from the context menu, I have the same issue all over again!

So in my case, the tag tear off doesn’t work AT ALL!!!

 The only way to solve this for once and for ever is by creating a new profile, but even this doesn’t always work.


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Open FF 3.5 RC2
2.Drag a tab off the browser to create a new window.
3.The new window cannot be closed,nor the original one.
Actual Results:  
I have to force the browser to close by Ctrl+Alt+Del, Aplications, selecting one of the extra windows (not the browser’s one), clicking Finish task. Then all the windows get closed including the browser’s one and when I restart the browser I get the “This is a shame” message within the restore session window, then I select “Start a new session” and then and only then I have a normal browser window, except I cannot close the browser clicking on the red cross over the upper right corner, only by File>Exit.

Lo and behold I try to tear of a tag to open in a new window, or I right click on a tag and choose Open in a new window from the context menu, I have the same issue all over again!


Expected Results:  
The browser should close by clicking on the red cross over the upper right corner, and by File>Exit.
Tearing off a tab should open a new window but I should be able to shut this window either by clicking on the red cross over the upper right corner, or by File>Exit.