links in browser go to 'server not found' when in fact it's a good url
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.5; en-US; rv:1.9.1.1) Gecko/20090715 Firefox/3.5.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.5; en-US; rv:1.9.1.1) Gecko/20090715 Firefox/3.5.1

The links in my Gmail account have recently (after downloading the latest FF) been sending me to 'Server Not found'. When I copy the URL and paste it into Stainless or Safari I get the url with no problem. This has happened repeatedly to ALL my links in Gmail as well a links from other webpages. 

Hope this helps. If you need, I could send you a screen shot to better illustrate. Please let me know. Thank you for your time and understanding

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Open Gmail
2.Click on a link
3.
Actual Results:  
After clicking on link you will go to the url (http://www.awaionline.com/masters/) but the web page will say: "Server not found" 
Firefox can't find the server at www.awaionline.com.

        


        
        


    *   Check the address for typing errors such as
          ww.example.com instead of
          www.example.com

    *   If you are unable to load any pages, check your computer's network
          connection.

    *   If your computer or network is protected by a firewall or proxy, make sure
          that Firefox is permitted to access the Web.

Expected Results:  
http://www.thewriterslife.com/masters/paulhollingshead/


Paul Hollingshead
Co-Founder, Co-Chairman
American Writers & Artists Inc.


How Eager Are You to Make 2009
Your Breakthrough Year?

Tuesday, July 28, 2009

Dear AWAI Student,

With AWAI’s Accelerated Program for Six-Figure Copywriting, you’re well on your way to a career and a lifestyle most people can only dream about.

By now, you know what the life of a successful copywriter holds in store for you …

Living your life on your terms
No bosses telling you when to come and go .........web page loads like it should in Safari