Session should not restore malicious sites
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1.1) Gecko/20090715 Firefox/3.5.1 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1.1) Gecko/20090715 Firefox/3.5.1 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

Session restore is operating differently than in 3.x in one important way, even though help files indicate it should be operating the same way.  Results in security issue.  Specifically:  When restarting FF after a crash OR a forced FF shutdown (via XP task manager), FF is supposed to ask whether the session should be restored.  This way, if it had been killed purposely via task manager to clear a suspicious (possibly malicious) webpage, the user can choose NOT to have the original content restored on restart.  (As opposed to a typical crash where the restore function would be useful and permitted.)  But instead the restore is taking place automatically, with no option offered.  Behavior confirmed on second pc.  For "When Firefox Starts," I am using the "Show a blank page" option -- same as I did with 3.x.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Have several tabs open, any content. (Ensure "When Firefox Starts" option is *NOT* set to "show my windows and tabs from last time.")
2. Hard-close Firefox, either via XP Task Manager or by turning off PC
3. Re-start Firefox.
Actual Results:  
When Firefox is restarted, about 2/3 of the time it successfully restores the previous session WITHOUT asking whether or not the user wants restore.  The other 1/3 of the time it ATTEMPTS to restore the previous session, but fails with the "Ebarrassing" message. 

Expected Results:  
As described in the help files, Firefox should ask for user direction instead of automatically proceeding to restore the previous session.

Using default theme.  I chose "Major" because of the security issues inherent in no longer being offered the opportunity to prevent a suspected malicious page (e.g., a Fake AV) from restoring on Firefox restart (without fully disabling session restore in about:config).