"Open" and "Open Containing Folder" don't have sensible defaults, or a reasonable way to choose an application
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux x86_64; en-US; rv:1.9.0.11) Gecko/2009060309 Ubuntu/9.04 (jaunty) Firefox/3.0.11
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux x86_64; en-US; rv:1.9.0.11) Gecko/2009060309 Ubuntu/9.04 (jaunty) Firefox/3.0.11

Using Kubuntu 9.04,  Firefox 3.0.11.  After downloading a file, attempt to open it by right-clicking and choosing "Open..." or open the folder it was downloaded to by choosing "Open Containing Folder".  

The "Launch Application" dialog appears.  It has nothing listed.  Clicking "Choose.." to choose an application opens a file browser in $HOME/Documents.  There is no obvious way to get to any applications, without both a fair amount of knowledge about both the linux filesystem and the obscure names of the actual applications.  ( This problem has another similar bug filed here related to just regular saving files - my apologies, I can't find it, for some reason!)  

Choosing "Open Containing Folder" should launch Dolphin.  Instead, the same "Choose Application" dialog appears. 

Finally, checking the "Remember My Choice for File Links" checkbox has the wrong behavior; it should remember an application choice based on the type of file, not remember that application for ALL files.  For example, select "okular" and check "Remember My Choice...".  Afterwards, opening any file type from the Download Manager will attempt to launch okular and give an error.

This is also true for "Open Containing Folder" - it'll try to launch Okular and open the download directory.

I don't know if this is a Kubuntu-specific issue, because of the integration of Firefox into KDE, or if it's something to be tackled in Firefox itself; let me know if it's the former so I can file this in the right place.

Thanks!

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Download a file
2.Open the download manager, Right Click the file, choose "Open"
3.Or, Choose "Open Containing Folder"
4.Attempt to find an application in the maze of the linux filesystem.
Actual Results:  
A file browser dialog appears, in the user's Documents directory. 
This is also true for "Open Containing Folder".
If you do manage to find an app in /usr/bin, etc., then checking the "Remember" checkbox forces all future files to open with that app regardless of type.

Expected Results:  
There should be reasonable defaults for common file types.
For choosing an application, there should be a visual list or menu of installed applications, giving preference to applications which are registered for the selected MIME type.
Open Containing Folder should simply open the containing folder in Dolphin.
"Remember" should mean "Remember for this MIME type", not for all files.

I'm marking the severity as "major" because IMHO this activity - downloading files and opening them - is actually a major feature of a web browser.