Google Maps Icons not clickable anymore since the last update
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; da; rv:1.9.1.2) Gecko/20090729 Firefox/3.5.2 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; da; rv:1.9.1.2) Gecko/20090729 Firefox/3.5.2 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)


After the latest update of Firefox, the area of which you are able to click on an icon in Google Maps is much smaller that the size as the icon itself. 

You can test it directly here in the Google API playgound.

http://code.google.com/apis/ajax/playground/

You can click on the icons by default when the icons are small. 
However, try to edit the code and change the icon size to something larger.
For instance change this line: 

"baseIcon.iconSize = new GSize(50, 44);"

Save it.

Now you will see that the icons are bigger on the map, but notice that the area on the icon where you can click on is not the same size as the icon. The clickable area is much smaller and is moved up to the upper left corner of the icon. 



I tried to replicate the bug in other applications that work with Google Maps and icons and got the same problem in Firefox. So it is a general problem.

It worked fine before in previous releases, and it works in IE, Opera and Chrome. 




Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Go to http://code.google.com/apis/ajax/playground/ and change the size of the icons to something bigger than default. For example:
"baseIcon.iconSize = new GSize(50, 44);"

2. Save it.
Actual Results:  
Now you will see that the icons are bigger on the map, but notice that the area on the icon where you can click on is not the same size as the icon. The clickable area is much smaller and is moved up to the upper left corner of the icon. 

Expected Results:  
I expected that changing the size of the icon would also lead to a bigger area of where I can mouseclick on to get a popup infoWindow.

It worked before and does in IE, Chrome and Opera.

I was able to succesfully replicate the bug in other applications that work with Google Maps besides the online Google API playground, and got the same problem in Firefox. So it is a general problem in Firefox.