Bookmark drop indicator line sometimes showing incorrectly in sub-sub folders.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1.2) Gecko/20090729 Firefox/3.5.2 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1.2) Gecko/20090729 Firefox/3.5.2 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

While using drag and drop to sort my bookmarks in a folder 3 levels deep the drop indicator (little black line that shows where your bookmark will land) shows up in the second level sub folder.

Sorting still happens correctly according to where the mouse is placed.
For example I add a link to the folder Bookmarks->Break->Comics.  Then go into the folder and click and drag to sort it.  The little black line will show up in the Break folder even though the mouse is over the Comics folder.  When I drop the new link it will drop correctly, it's just the visual indicator that's out of place.

Of note it does this to me in my folder for news and comics.  Without letting the bookmark menu close and reopen it will work correctly in my Games and Shows folders (all folders mentioned are 3 levels deep).

All these bookmark folders have been around for a long time and seen many a firefox upgrade.

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Create a bookmark folder 3 levels deep
2. Assign bookmarks to the first second and third levels
3. Attempt to drag and drop items around and watch the indicator
Actual Results:  
Works for some folders, but not for others... 
Folders it gave abnormal behavior for were named Break->Comics and Break->News.
Folders it worked correctly for were Break->Shows and Break->Games.

Expected Results:  
Line should've shown up between the items that my mouse was hovering between.

I'm using AdBlock, FlashBlock, and ScriptBlock.
This is a set of bookmarks that's been around for years and seen many imports exports, user account swaps and many firefox upgrades.
Good luck with tracking this down, and sorry I couldn't provide a 100% test case.