print dialog Quality & Media page slider control will not move to allow me to select the quality
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.6; en-US; rv:1.9.1.2) Gecko/20090729 Firefox/3.5.2
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.6; en-US; rv:1.9.1.2) Gecko/20090729 Firefox/3.5.2

I have printer presets on my Mac. When I select them all the settings appear to change just fine except the Quality & Media settings (fast, normal, best). The particular control is a slider on the Mac and when I click the slider it looks like it is activated, but I cannot actually slide it. The value of the setting is always right in the middle, 50%, normal print quality I think.

So the controller doesn't work AND that control is not initialized with the proper settings for each preset. It's just this one slider, other sliders in the print dialog work fine. This has also been a problem for a while, with previous versions of Firefox, but I cannot be sure how long this has been going on.

The same print dialog works fine in Safari.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. print a page from firefox
2. load a preset (or just use the default one)
3. try to adjust the quality setting (under detailed settings for this particular driver)
Actual Results:  
The preset does not load the quality setting properly and it's not possible to adjust it either.



I have no idea if this is specific to my printer driver (Canon MP600R) or what. It's just the one control/setting in this print dialog. I don't have any other printers installed on my machine that I can test this theory with.

The one thing I realized about this setting is, The slider to adjust the quality does not display unless you first click on another check box which basically enables "detailed settings". So the slider appears after you click 'detailed settings' and the value of the slider/setting is always right in the middle.

I don't know who else to ask which is why I am filing a bug. As I said, The same dialog works fine in Safari and all my other apps.

This problem also existed on Leopard. I just upgraded to Snow Leopard and am experiencing exactly the same issue.