System / OS hangs for a number of seconds when browser is closed after browser has been running a long time
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.1.2) Gecko/20090729 Firefox/3.5.2 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.1.2) Gecko/20090729 Firefox/3.5.2 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

When firefox has been running for a long time and is closed - the OS hangs/freezes for a number of seconds (more than 5 and less than 30, but different each time)

When closing the browser the browser window disappears as expected and system responds correctly for one or 2 seconds before the mouse freezes, any sound playing 'stutters' for the duration of the freeze and no input can be made from keyboard. This continues for the full length of the 'freeze' until system returns to normal with no other apparent adverse affects. The system has returned to normal every time after a freeze and has not required a restart.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. leave firefox open for a long time (eg overnight so 6 to 8 hours)
2. close browser completely

Actual Results:  
System freezes for a number of seconds after browser window has closed.

Expected Results:  
Mouse, keyboard, sound etc should continue to operate normally on exiting browser.

Does not seem linked to the number of tabs open in the browser - have reproduced this problem with one blank tab as well as one or more tabs with websites open.

Does not seem linked to a specific website running at the time.

Happens only after the last instance of firefox closes, not when a second 'window' of firefox is closed after a long period.

'Long time' - can't quantify how long this is - browser seems to close normally after a couple of hours operation although occasionally has resulted in a brief freeze - a subjective opinion is the freezes are generally longer in proportion to the length of time a browser has been running. Happens every time the browser has been left open for a number of hours (over night or longer) which ranges from 4 hours to more than 24 hours running.

I would have listed it as critical (how long does an average user wait to hit the reset button?) as the freezes are symptomatic of a crash requiring a hard reset however experimenting has shown waiting long enough will allow the system to return to normal.