Pop-up display all wrong
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1.3) Gecko/20090824 Firefox/3.5.3 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1.3) Gecko/20090824 Firefox/3.5.3 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

I have been using Firefox for a long time and have been relying on it as my main browser software.  I have other browsers installed to check my web designs but I really like Firefox up until just recently.  I use two desktops in my work.  A couple weeks ago I noticed that the panoramas I create were not displaying correctly with Firefox on either of my desktops.  They were not completely filling the pop-up window and the control bar did not display.  The same web page(s) displayed properly with IE and had no problem.  I contacted EasyPano where I purchased the creation software and they could not find and solution.  I went back and forth with EP for over two weeks getting very frustrated with what I thought was their software problem.  Finally I decided to completely wipe Firefox from one of my boxes and do a clean reinstall.  To my amazement the panoramas now displayed properly and on my second machine the display was still bad.  I did the same reinstall on my second box and the panoramas then displayed as they should now on both machines.  I really did not appreciate that the Firefox software caused me some much aggravation and wasted time, but I had the problem finally resolved.  I thought.  Just yesterday I was working on one of my desktops and the display again was wrong as before…!?  My other desktop was still displaying them properly.  Somehow the program had reverted back to whatever state it was before the reinstalling I had done.  I had done nothing to the Firefox software since the reinstall.  I have not repeated the reinstall procedure to correct the problem yet because if it happened once it could and probably will happen again.  I do not have the time to keep reinstalling your software to keep it working right whenever it decides to change.  I searched your db and did not find any similar complaints.  If there is one, I apologize and please refer me to the solution.  If there is not a similar problem I need it resolved permanently or I will be forced to discontinue my use of Firefox.  This is my first and hopefully only report I will make to you since I am not a programmer.  And if this is not the correct forum to address this problem please either forward this information to whoever can resolve it or let me know who I need to contact and I will contact them myself.  As stated, I really like and have been relying on Firefox and do not want to lose it as a tool, but this problem is not acceptable and will stop me from using your software.  I am wondering what other users out there may want to view my panoramas and get a bad display which is not fault of my own.  Please let me know ASAP with a resolution to this problem.  I await your reply.  RL

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Not know, since I have not idea how your software changed.
2. I could attach screen shots of the display if this was an option.
3.
Actual Results:  
Please refer to my details statement.

Expected Results:  
Firefox's display to work right permanently.

Nothing...