Enhancement: Search across multiple tabs
See bug 185916, from which this was spun off.

Use case (1)
I have 100 tabs open in one Firefox window.  The tab titles are truncated
because of space constraints, and only ~7 characters of each title are visible.
 20 of these tabs contain the results Google searches, 5 contain Google Docs
documents, 1 contains Google Mail.  I want to switch to the Google Mail tab.

Use case (2)
I have 100 tabs open in one Firefox window.  The tab titles are truncated
because of space constraints, and only ~7 characters of each title are visible. 
80 of 100 open tabs contain Bugzilla pages.  A colleague asks, "How's the work
on that [foo] rewrite bug going?"  I know which bug he's referring to, but I
don't remember the bug number or the title.  But since I'm working on that bug,
I'm pretty sure it's open somewhere in my 80 bugzilla tabs.  I want to switch
to that tab.

Use case (3)
I'm reading up on the [foo] of [bar].  It's an obscure topic (one that PageRank
fails on), and most pages I've found through Google searches have been useless;
I've only found 20 worthwhile ones.  Problem is, it takes exploration to decide
whether a page is useful or useless: sometimes a useless page links to a useful
one, and exploring this link graph requires a lot of tabs for each exploration.
 If I encounter a familiar-looking page while traversing that link graph, I
want to quickly find out if I've already come across it.  In this case, that
means determining whether I already have it open in a tab.


I don't think that the Firefox UI can efficiently handle these cases today, but
I also don't claim to be an expert.

I propose the following UI addition
  (1) user presses Ctrl-Shift-F/Cmd-Shift-F
  (2) window dims, search box appears in the middle
  (3) after 3-5 character have been entered into search box, a textual search
is done on each tab.  This could proceed as
      (a) search titles of all tabs: tab titles matching all search terms get,
say, 100 points
      (b) render tabs on top of darkened background according to points, in a
"weighted map"-style display
      (c) search content text of all tabs: a tab gets, say, 1 point for each
search term that's found.  Refresh weighted map of relevant tabs after
searching each tab's content text.

The search algorithm is very basic, there are lots of ways to tune it.  (For
example, searching all subset "phrases" of search words might give better
results.)

I think the visual part of this UI could be a good use case for
hardware-accelerated rendering.  There's some interesting animation one could
do with this feature.

Yes, it's true that an add-on could be written to do this, but it seems to me
that the performance requirements of such a feature are pretty high, and I'm
not sure an add-on could cut the mustard.  But only experimentation can tell.