An extra linebreak often appears one word before the actual linebreak in Facebook comments
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-GB; rv:1.9.1.5) Gecko/20091102 Firefox/3.5.5 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-GB; rv:1.9.1.5) Gecko/20091102 Firefox/3.5.5 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

In Facebook when I comment on somebody's status (etc) and include a linebreak, my comment often ends up including an additional linebreak exactly one word before my linebreak. It's always one word before, and it's not because the line wouldn't fit in. Very strange behaviour.

As far as I can see in the HTML code, there's nothing obvious that would cause these breaks in the displayed text. In the picture example attached, the HTML code is
"Låter våghalsigt...<br />Är det du som är giljotinens huvudakt?"
with a <br/> tag only after the second word but ending up with a line break also after the first word. I'll attach a longer HTML excerpt as well, since the actual Facebook code is quite complex.

It happens in Firefox (safe mode) but not in MSIE. See attached picture for an example. If I use more than one linebreak, the error turns up once for each one. This happens somewhere around 50% of the times and is very annoying, since
1) my linebreak was only included because I wanted a certain text disposition to enhance readability, and this disposition was destroyed much worse than if I wouldn't have included any linebreak,
2) it gets impossible for me to know that others see the same as I do, since it's displayed differently across platforms,
3) it happens so often, but still not consistently.

It might have to do with some wrongly counted characters, as I have non-A-Z characters in both the comment text and in my name preceding it, but the error definitely appears also with short comments in plain English without any strange characters.

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Run Firefox and log in to Facebook.
2. Comment on people's status updates, and see your entered text show up.
Actual Results:  
There is an additional linebreak one word earlier than my own linebreak.

Expected Results:  
Only break the text at my own linebreaks and, if applicable, when the lines can't fit more text.