when setting background colour of a select object in a form in the onfocus() event in javascript, this colour is set ok but the dropdown arrow disappears
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.9.0.15) Gecko/2009102814 Ubuntu/8.04 (hardy) Firefox/3.0.15
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.9.0.15) Gecko/2009102814 Ubuntu/8.04 (hardy) Firefox/3.0.15

I use the onfocus event in javascript to successfully set the background colour of a select (combo) object in a form to yellow, so that tab navigation will highlight the select (combo) in firefox forms as the user arrives at the select object. I use the onblur event to reset the background colour as they tab away from this object to a new component.

This works perfectly for input objects (edits) but not for select (combo) objects. Althought the select object background colour is set OK, the dropdown arrow vanishes, even though clicking in the select area text will cause a dropdown action, and re-select any item ok. Also, if a NEW selection is made, suddenly the dropdown arrow re-appears, but loses any bolding originally applied, and the arrow appears small and weak.



Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Create onfocus event for a select (combo) object or other object such as input (edit), to set background colour to yellow. This is stored in .js file and loaded in form onload event.

This function correctly uses <object>.style.backgroundColor = <colour>.

2. Create onblur event for a select (combo) or input (edit) object to clear its background colour to white. This is also stored in same .js file and loaded in form onload event.

3. Create form and form objects, and attach onfocus and onblur events to each select (combo) or input (edit) object as needed. Set text attribute of select (combo) objects to bold, for easier reading of text options.

4. Run form and focus on initial component in form onload event.

5. Tab between select (combo) and other objects such as Input (edit) objects.

6. Note that all objects now display yellow in background, but select (combo) objects lose the dropdown arrow - but when changing the dropdown contents, the arrow returns, but any bold attribute is lost, and the arrow is smaller and weak to see.

Actual Results:  
The select (combo) objects correctly gain and lose the background colour specified (yellow) as the user tabs to and from the select object, but the dropdown arrows are lost from all select objects that we arrive at (tab in to), but if change with the mouse to a new option value, the dropdown arrow returns, but loses the original bold text attribute.


Expected Results:  
1. Tabbbing into or mousing into a select (combo) object should have:

(1) Set the background colour to yellow and highlighted selected text with yellow background.

(2) Positioned to first text option.

(3) Shown the dropdown arrow to the right of the highlighted text.



The bug occurs with the default Firefox theme - no other themes were tried, in order to keep the form generic.