Attachment is lost when Forwarding a message containing an Attachment in Yahoo Mail
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2b4) Gecko/20091124 Firefox/3.6b4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2b4) Gecko/20091124 Firefox/3.6b4

On Yahoo Mail using Firefox 3.6b4 (and 3.5.5), when Forwarding an email message that contains an Attachment to someone, the message is sent but the attachment is lost and not included in the email message that was sent.  The recipient receives the email message but there is no attachment.

This issue is specific to Yahoo email messages that contain an attachment, and then the message is forwarded to someone, the message is sent but the attachment is lost.

When using IE6 or Opera, the forwarding of the message with the attachment works correctly and the recipient receives the email message with the attachment.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Send an email message with an attached file to a Yahoo mail address.
2. Open the email message and the message will show the attached file.
3. Click on the "Forward" button to forward the email message with attachment.
4. Notice that the message no longer shows the attached file.
5. Click "Send" and check the Sent messages folder or check the destination of the forwarded email message and you will see that the attachment has been lost.
Actual Results:  
The Yahoo Mail website Sent messages folder will show that a message was sent but the attachment in the original message will not be there (attachment was lost).  Also check the email system where the forwarded message was sent and there will be a message but the attachment is missing.

When using IE6 or Opera with the same steps, the message containing the attachment is sent and the attachment is included.

Expected Results:  
The Yahoo Mail website should have sent both the message and included the attachment that was included on the original email message.

This problem occurs in Firefox 3.6b4 and 3.5.5 on the Yahoo Mail website.

The Yahoo Mail website works correctly when using IE6 and Opera.