Web site visit permits installation of malware.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.15) Gecko/2009101601 Firefox/3.0.15
Build Identifier: (impossible to know since it destroyed the OS!)

Firefox 3.5 installed fairly recently.  Visit to web site, with no user action whatsoever resulted in installation of malware.  I know this could be an Adobe plugin vulnerability (recently installed Flash 10, from adobe.com).  But I do expect a web browser to not write to my filesystem!

I actually knew immediately that something was up, and spotted and killed malicious processes, and cleaned the registry, and all files created at the time of the attack.

Unfortunately, the malware somehow slipped in again after a reboot.  The firefox 'feature' of restarting all windows is a really disaster for this sort of bug.  The malware popped up every 11 or 12 minutes, the nature of which I understand is not your problem, but might help get to the bottom of how to defend against such exploits.  For starters, block bu250.com, destroy them if you can :-)

The kicked was when the popup process went back to a page with another driveby, to reinfect itself.  That was almost clever, and this one disabled the tak manager and did in XP for good.  Good thing I dual boot Linux.

Since I know a good deal about computers, I understand these are largely vulnerabilities in XP, but to the average person, the idea that Firefox simply browsing a page could hijack would be seen as "Firefox destroyed my computer".

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Visit a malicious website
2.
3.
Actual Results:  
Adware, malware, phony spyware removal software installed on computer, leading ultimately to a dead OS.  This is a varinat of the "sysguard" virus.

Expected Results:  
Displayed a window with text and images

For one, it should have advised users that Adobe could potentially destroy your computer.  I was also under the impression that you could restrict what plugins are permitted to do, regardless of what defects they might have.  Writing to /Windows would be an obvious restriction.