Firefox often freezes Snow Leopard when being opened, loading pages, or even running in the background.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10_6_2; en-us) AppleWebKit/531.21.8 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/4.0.4 Safari/531.21.10
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.6; en-US; rv:1.9.2b4) Gecko/20091124 Firefox/3.6b4

A few weeks ago, my entire system locked up for about a minute.  I thought it was peculiar, but I went on doing what I was doing (working; programming HTML/CSS and loading web pages in Firefox while listening to music).

However, it started happening more and more, to the point that I could no longer take it and was forced to use Safari.  I found that the freezes happened mostly while I was loading webpages, but they also happened when booting Firefox and rarely while Firefox was running in the background.

I noticed that the freezing occurred mostly when Firefox was loading scripts that weren't on the current page's domain, such as analytic scripts, asset files, etc.  With that said, it seemed to happen mostly on sites that linked to files from many sources, such as Mashable and other big blogs.

I suspect this isn't Firefox triggering an OS or driver bug, but I've got no way to confirm that.  Console shows no errors and the freezing happens even after uninstalling all add-ons.  I also tried uninstalling and reinstalling Firefox, and it's still happening.

My only other suspicion is that my Verizon FIOS connection is causing the problem.  I know that sounds silly, but sometimes I feel like it could be too fast for it's own good and causes weird timeout problems.

I'll provide any information that you ask for.  Simply ask!  Also, I apologize if this has already been reported.  I looked for it and didn't find a bug that represented mine accurately enough.  Thanks again!

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open Firefox
2. Browse the web 
3. Wait patiently when Firefox 'randomly' locks up your machine for 30 seconds to 2 minutes.
Actual Results:  
As mentioned, the problem is 'random.'  It seems to happen nearly every time I visit Mashable, but there have been times that I've visited the site without having a freeze.  It has happened with many other sites as well, with an average frequency of maybe one out of every 30 or 40 (but never any of my locally hosted web files).

Expected Results:  
Firefox should have loaded the pages correctly and without freezing the OS or itself.