Firefox has problems switching web pages... a lot
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1.5) Gecko/20091102 Firefox/3.5.5
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1.5) Gecko/20091102 Firefox/3.5.5

When I first started using Firefox I encountered the problem where Firefox would say that it could not locate the website I had requested but if I clicked the "Try Again" button (some times more than once) it could suddenly load that page.

I attributed this to an early problem with the browser and one you would certainly fix quickly.

I was wrong. I now updated to version 3.5.5 and this issue seems worse than ever. It could find USATODAY.COM but when I tried to go to ebay it at first refused to leave USATODAY.COM, it just continued to sit there, even after I clicked the stop button it kept loading data from that site and ignored my attempts to change web pages. Then when it was finally finished (and not before) it told me that ebay.com did not exist (this is something that the folks at ebay might find interesting). Repeated tries didn't work until finally, after a number of "Try Again" clicks it finally acknowledged that website was real and went there.

I get this problem way... WAY... WAY too often switching from one website to another.

You seem to have an issue redirecting FIREFOX from whatever web page it has currently loaded to another web page. It does not happen every time I change web pages but compared to other browsers (Safari, Explorer, Chrome) it happens with Firefox so often it is very frustrating.

I encountered it again when I tried to setup a Bugzilla Account to report this problem. USATODAY is my home page. After the home page began to load I went to my bookmarks and selected Hotmail so I could get your confirmation email. Firefox promptly told me the Hotmail.Com page could not be found. Clicked "Try Again" and voila, it found the Hotmail Web Site. No other browser has this issue when changing web pages but with Firefox it happens so often (and I really do mean SO OFTEN) that I have come to expect it.

Personally I find it terrible when a user EXPECTS a product to perform poorly and needs several attempts to do what should be done on the first request buts that's Firefox for you.

I assume product testing is something not stressed at your operation. Quality Control is something you really should look into.

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1.I set USATODAY.COM as my homepage
2.I open Firefox
3.I attempt to go to another webpage either while the USATODAY page is still loading or after it has completed.
4.At this point it very frequently tells me it can't find that web site.
5.One (or more) clicks of "Try Again" will cause Firefox to realize the site you have asked it to load really does exist and it then will load the site.

Like I said, this does not happen every time but it is extremely frequent, maddeningly frequent.
Actual Results:  
Usually after clicking "Try Again" a number of times Firefox will eventually load the web site I want. These are not obscure sites, I am going to sites like cnn, hotmail, or ebay; all of which have existed for quite some time and continue to exist currently.

Expected Results:  
Pretty obvious here. I expect Firefox to load the web page I tasked it to load on the first try and not after repeated "Try Again" clicks. That button should be clicked infrequently, not most of the time.