If Chinese is entered as a language pages are presented in Chinese even if English is set as default
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.1.6) Gecko/20091201 Firefox/3.5.6 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.1.6) Gecko/20091201 Firefox/3.5.6 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

When using VMware vSphere 4 Web Client and Firefox 3.5.6 If Chinese is added to the list of languages in Options, all the pages in vSphere Web Client display in Chinese even if English is set as the default language. This happens only with Firefox and only when viewing vSphere Web Client. Everything else (Opera, Chrome, IE) works fine with vSphere 4.

As soon as Chinese (or other double byte languages) are removed from the list and the browser is restarted, normal behavior resumes. 

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Connect to a VMware vSphere 4 Web Client session.
2.Click Tools>Options>Languages>Choose and select Chinese [zh] from the dropdown.
3.Click Add. It appears at the bottom of the list.
4.Click OK. Click OK again.
5. Refresh the page. Your page is now in Chinese.


Actual Results:  
If you remove Chinese from the list and refresh the page some of the Chinese is gone and some stays until the browser is shut down and restarted. I spoke with VMware support at length this morning and they say it is a browser issue not a vSphere issue as the browser handles the language presentation not vSphere which is English only.

Expected Results:  
With English as the default language and the website in English only the display should be in English.

We are, as a workaround, removing all double byte languages from Firefox and only adding one in as needed for QA testing but this is slowing things down for our QA department as we have systems all over the world and each of our releases and bug fixes must be tested in all languages that we support. We can work with it as IE works OK in handling language, but we prefer to use Firefox.