A previous session is NOT restored after cancelling the "Firefox - Restore Previous Session" window (by clicking the upper right X).
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.6) Gecko/2009011913 Firefox/3.0.6
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.0.6) Gecko/2009011913 Firefox/3.0.6

Sometimes my computer crashes or freezes while firefox is running (for whatever reason...this does not matter....it is usually because too many other programs are open). I often decide to force quit Firefox by using "Task Manager" to free up some memory. (You can open "Task Manager" by pressing the ctrl-alt-del keys at the same time.)

When I restart Firefox the next time, I will get a pop up window with this message:
"Your last Firefox session closed unexpectedly. You can restore the tabs and windows from your previous session, or start a new session if you think the problem was related to a page you were viewing."
And it shows 2 buttons:
"Restore Previous Session" and "Start New Session"

This popup window is a normal and expected behavior of Firefox. So far so good...

BUT... If I close the window by clicking the X at the top right hand corner of the window, the previous session information is erased and a new session begins. (The reason why someone might want to close the window right away is because sometimes they can open Firefox by accident and they might not want to use it at that moment.)

But I gave Firefox no such instruction to start a new session. I never clicked the "start new session" button (nor did I click the "restore previous session" button either). When I close the entire restore session popup window (I do this by clicking on the upper right x.) it opens up anyway (which is OK) but it starts a NEW session and I lose all my previous session information.
In the options menu I do have the "restore previous session" option entered. So Firefox SHOULD open up with my previous sessions restored.

But it does not.
So please fix this "bug".

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Close Firefox in "Windows Task Manager" (press ctrl-alt-del to open "Windows Task Manager")
2.Restart firefox.
3.The "Firefox - Restore Previous Session" window should open. Close it by clicking the upper right X.

Actual Results:  
Firefox opens a NEW session and my previous session information is deleted even if the "show my windows and tabs from last time" choice is stored in "Options".

Expected Results:  
Firefox either should not have opened at all OR
Firefox should have opened with the previous session restored. (This means the windows and tabs from last time should be open.)