Firefox.exe still running even after closing the browser End Program - N
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1.7) Gecko/20091221 Firefox/3.5.7 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.1.7) Gecko/20091221 Firefox/3.5.7 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

Windows XP SP3 - After closing the browser and then logging off, restarting, or shutting down I get the windows end program - N prompt which is waiting for N to end before it can log off or shut down. After the timer elapses I have two options, end now or cancel.  Obviously if I select end now Windows closes the program and logs off or shuts down.  If I hit cancel, Windows stays up. I check the task manager and notice that firefox.exe is still running and using up quite a bit of processor resources even though I had already closed the browser.  Even if I don't log off or shut down and still close firefox, it is still running in the background and when you try to reopen it, I get a pop up stating that firefox is still running and can not open.  I then go to task manager to end firefox.exe and then I an able to reopen it.  This problem just started up after it's recent update 2 or 3 weeks ago.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Close the browser.
2.Log off or shut down. End program N is still running and unable to log off or shut down unless you end program N or go in to task manager and end firefox.exe
3.Will not be able to open firefox unless you end it in task manager.  You will get a pop up stating that firefox is still running even though you had already closed it.
Actual Results:  
Firefox is still running until you go to task manager and end it there.
If shutting down or logging off, you have the End Program - N pop up before you can shut down or log off.  If you don't end program - n, you will not be able to log off or shut down.

Expected Results:  
Ending program - N or ending firefox.exe in task manager will allow you to log off or shut down Windows XP.

This started happening after a recently firefox update about 2 weeks ago.