program freezes up without apparent reason, if shutdown, will not close but no window showing and then without warning restarts; affects Firefox windows so cannot return to desktop or open other browsers, not entire computer
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.1.7) Gecko/20091221 Firefox/3.5.7 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.1.7) Gecko/20091221 Firefox/3.5.7 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

When using Firefox to view videos or to upload videos to places such as YouTube or Hulu, despite uploading the appropriate plug-ins, Firefox shutdowns without warning, stops streaming or uploading for no apparent reason, locks up the computer, and requires an administrative shutdown that apparently does not close it down, because attempts to re-open get an error message that it is already running despite no window or indicator in the toolbars.  IN addition, once shutdown, it will restart without warning, often interrupting pages on which I am working or viewing things.  This started about a couple weeks ago, after repeated attempts to upgrade my Firefox browser failed.  I gave up trying to upgrade, and the problem has become increasingly disruptive.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.  closed window, then reopened, started uploading  videos, took about two hours to lock up.
2.  closed window, tried to reopen, but could not reopen from desktop for over 15 minutes
3.  closed window, then reopened.  Opened another window with Firefox, worked on it, going back and forth for about an hour, before both windows locked up.
4.  closed window, then reopened.  Opened another window using Chrome or Explorer, going back and forth for about an hour, before both windows again locked up.
5.  closed window, did not reopen intentionally, about one hour later while working through another browser, it reopened and then would not close.
6.  cleared browser history and cookies, but still locks up.
Actual Results:  
See above

Expected Results:  
Should not have locked up, should have closed and stayed closed when shutdown, should not have locked up other browser windows.

This appears to happen in any window - whether video or not - in Firefox, and it affects other browsers on my computer which I open when I am viewing or uploading videos only while Firefox is running something else or another video, not other functions in other browsers. It is also happening on my husband's computer which is a duplicate of mine, so it is not isolated to my computer only.

I run a website where I post videos through YouTube and then transfer them to my website for further discussions.  It took me three days to upload 6 five-minute videos to YouTube this week because of problems with Firefox shutting down without warning or locking up.  When I tried it through Chrome, it took me less than five minute to upload the last of the videos.