Restart causes connection limit reached and many pages not loaded - worked before
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.2pre) Gecko/20100309 Namoroka/3.6.2pre
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.2pre) Gecko/20100309 Namoroka/3.6.2pre

I have Namoroka 3.6.2pre with TabMix+ 0.3.8pre.100305 .

I have more than 150 Tabs open and when I restart things were working perfectly, up until the past couple of days.

Now when I restart Namoroka a few dozen Tabs say that the page can not be loaded that the site may be down. 

Well I suppose that is possible for a _few_ sites but some of the sites I have 'can not be down' - I won't list them all and argue each but one of them is google.com (the Google cache of a page).

If I click on these Tabs immediately when the yellow Warning shows up and then immediately hit re-load the sites loads fine, thus the site is not down.


Namoroka seems to be hitting an 'internal site limit' (?) and can only load so many pages from one Domain at the same (or nearly simultaneous) time. I don't know how else to describe this from a "User's Viewpoint". It worked fine two days ago.

This did not happen last week (or even in the past few years) before. It is not a limitation on my end since I have not altered my Network settings. 

A few of the Tabs show the 'spinning logo' even several minutes later and seem to 'never load' but I suspect that this might be a different part of the code (and thus a different Bug).


I suggest that something changed in Namoroka (possibly TabMix+ which was updated 2 days ago) that is causing this recent problem. I have extremely high speed Internet and can use "Downloader Programs" (many high speed connections) with no problem.


Thanks,
Rob


PS: Any chance this is related: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=546504


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Install Namoroka 3.6.2pre with TabMix+ 0.3.8pre.100305 .
2. Open _many_ Tabs (may need over 10 deep History), I have over 150 Tabs Open.
3. Restart Namoroka.
4. Many pages don't load but if you click on the Tab and manually re-load the page immediately they load fine. 
Actual Results:  
On restart not all pages load, Tab shows site is down but reload works fine.

Expected Results:  
If the site is up the page should load (perhaps quite slowly).

Load Tabs that can be loaded from the HD's cache while you send out requests for 'off-site Tabs' to get their URLs. It seems to do that ?

Load MRU Tabs with greater Bandwidth and 'trickle in' Tabs you've not viewed in a while. It seems to do that ?, but quite poorly.

Don't fail and say the site is down IF the user could manually retry immediately and have success. Something is timing out far too quickly.