firefox creates a new folder when I save a file from a webpage, even though it asks where to save every time
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2) Gecko/20100115 Firefox/3.6 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2) Gecko/20100115 Firefox/3.6 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

This is not really a terrible problem, just an annoyance.
Firefox is set to ask me where to save a file each time I save something.
The option 'save files to...' is set to 'save files to C:/Documents and Settings/.../Desktop/New Folder (2) 
I used to use this to generally store files temporarily
However, even though it asks me each time where to store the files, it still creates 'New Folder (2)' each time I save a file. It creates the new folder whenever I click 'save *** as' before it even brings up the box to select where to save the file
If the folder is deleted, and you save anything after, it will make a new folder

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Set Firefox's save options
   a. Under downloads, set save files to: C:/ *insert directory and filename of choice* I used C:/Documents and Settings/User/Desktop/New Folder (2)
   b. set firefox to always ask where to save files to be downloaded
   c. Make sure there isn't a folder already there named that!
2. Chose to save something, anything works. (A webpage, image, media file, etc.)
   You do not have to actually save anything, it creates the folder as soon as the option to save something is clicked
3. Look at the location you specified in step 1. A new folder with the name you gave it will be made there (in my example a folder 'New Folder (2)' was created on my Desktop
Actual Results:  
After preforming the steps above I had a folder 'New Folder (2)' made on my desktop

Expected Results:  
Te software should not have created the folder. Unless the option to have files saved to that directory automatically instead of choosing where to save them each time is selected, Firefox should not create that directory