Please provide user setting for disabling BACKSPACE navigation behaviour
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; de; rv:1.9.2.2) Gecko/20100316 Firefox/3.6.2 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; de; rv:1.9.2.2) Gecko/20100316 Firefox/3.6.2 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

There are many discussion in bugs from back to 2001 to today on the BACKSPACE behaviour. There seem to be people that like the current behavior as a shortcut for page back. This also seems to be the accepted behavoiur among browser implementors, I found Opera, Chrome and IE behaving the same way.

OTOH, all "average users" I know do not use Keyboard navigation, but expect the browser to act as they know it from word processors, mainly if they are inside a form, be it a web mail application or community thing or whatever. Those kinds of applications have gained an increasing importance since the disucssions on BACKSPACE began. I myself just lost an hour of work because of this behavior, my wife complains at least once a week about lost e-mails because she hit backspace and had not noticed the text field had lost focus. This IS a serious problem and a permanent source of annoyance about their browsers for many users.

It could easily (well, from a user's POV; I don't know about the implementation) be solved with a checkbox in the general settings, saying: "Do not go to the previous page when hitting BACKSPACE".

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open a Yahoo mail account and klick the "New message" button
2. Type something into the message field
3. Click anywhere outside the message field and hit Backspace
Actual Results:  
You are redirected to the previous page; if you hit the Forward button, the text is lost.

Expected Results:  
I would expect nothing to happen, if the focus is not in a text field, textarea or other editable area.

Please do not look at this submission as a reopening of the discussion on the correct behavior of BACKSPACE. This is a real and serious problem for a significant number of users, please give us a choice to adjust this key to act as we expect it.