Up to 30 second response, failure to close PDF pop-up on click (x), using many tabs
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.2.3) Gecko/20100401 Firefox/3.6.3 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.0; en-US; rv:1.9.2.3) Gecko/20100401 Firefox/3.6.3 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

Rather than bookmark pages I only need for a few weeks I leave the tabs open. So, I often have 10 or more tabs open at a time while running other applications such as Turbo Tax, Quicken, Excel, Word (as you might wish to around tax time).  My computer is not slow (using Intel's Q9650 quad processor with 2 GB of memory) and it has a 5Mbs broadband connection with very fast downloads.  Yet for the last few days I have experienced the following problems:

     1.  Switching from Turbo tax to Mozilla or Word to Mozilla the screen does 
         not fully refresh.  The top of the screen still has  Turbo Tax so I
         have no access to tabs or menus of Firefox but just see the display of 
         web page.
     2.  Certain pages load very slowly, if at all.  For example, At Wells Fargo
         the page that displays statements and confirms has a drop down menu for
         the year and one for what you wish to see.  These would not work.
         I had to use Safari or Explorer to get a response on these pages.
      3. When you retrieve a statement at Wells or other sites a PDF pops up.
         Once finished you should be able to close the pop up with (x) but it
         had no effect.
      4. If, alternatively, you leave that window open and go back to the main
         Firefox window it could take up to 30 seconds to display from the time
         You click on the instance you wish to open.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
The response described has occurred for the last several days.  It only happens with Firefox and no other browser.  The failure to paint the screen fully is unique to Firefox in this latest version.  The failure to close is unique to this version. I do have several of the apps like Tab King and Down Them all installed.

I think if you wanted to reproduce the problem I may have to provide a specific tab configuration (by sending all the URLs I have open) and furhter configuration information.  For starters I use the Freeware PC Tools Firewall plus, AVG Anti Virus, XsoftSpyXE, RegCure, Reg tool, and Sound Max all run at start-up. I usually leave Outlook open. I also have a solar monitor that opens at start-up. I can provide complete details if required but this format is not the best for sending detailed configuration information.
Actual Results:  
When Firefox cannot be seen or runs too slowly I have to use task manager to close it.

Expected Results:  
I made Firefox my default browser because it was better than IE.  This is no longer true and I may have to suspend use until it responds normally.

 (1) Close when you click (x)
 (2) Refresh the entire screen so Firefox tabs and menus are visible.
 (3) Take no more than a second or two to display when an open instance is clicked.