Disk Cache Device deactivates and Firefox fails to clear cache when hard disk becomes full by constant growth of cache folder
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.9.2.3) Gecko/20100401 Firefox/3.6.3 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.9.2.3) Gecko/20100401 Firefox/3.6.3 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729)

When disk space becomes full while Firefox is saving cache, and, when new cache files are created, Disk Cache Device deactivates and newly created cache files stays even after clearing Firefox Cache using "Clear Recent History...".

Following describes on how to reproduce the bug:

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Clear Firefox cache first.

2. Set the free space of the disk/drive to about 5 MB where the cache folder is stored. (Eg: Set the cache folder to a drive using about:config whose free space is about 5 MB, or simply fill the hard drive with files that contains the cache folder until the free space drops to about 5 MB.

Now, the environment to test this bug is set.

4. While the free space is 5 MB, open Firefox and go to a web page where lots of cache are downloaded to the computer. I suggest the following long video from Youtube.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=clQHaq7OP6M

5.While the video is being loaded, keep monitoring the free hard disk space until it drops to ZERO free space.

6. Even though Windows reports zero disk space, it may be not true depending on the cluster size of the hard disk where the actual disk space gets differed from the allocated space per file. Therefore, keep watching the space usage of the Cache folder until it reaches a maximum constant value. You should wait a while to check whether it is actually a constant or whether it increases further.

7. Once you are sure that it is constant, while the video is still being downloaded, open another tab and navigate to different websites where new cache is required.
Firefox will try to store cache of those websites by creating new cache files. But, all those files will be zero in size because there is no disk space.
Go to the cache folder and check if cache files with zero bytes exist. Go to as many websites until there are about 15 cache files with zero file size.

8. Now, while the video is still being downloaded and all the tabs open, close Firefox (click "Quit" if you display "Multiple Tabs Open" warning message).

9. Wait until Firefox is completely removed from memory. Check using task manager.

10. Open Firefox.
Actual Results:  
The Disk Cache Device has been deactivated. Check from about:cache.
Try clearing the cache using "Clear Recent History". Even after clearing it, cache files that were created after the disk space drops to zero still exist.


Expected Results:  
"Not enough disk space" situation should be dealt accurately.