Unresponsive scripting along with 3 or 4 extra windows opening?WHY the xtra windows/over head!
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X 10.4; en-US; rv:1.9.2.3) Gecko/20100401 Firefox/3.6.3
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X 10.4; en-US; rv:1.9.2.3) Gecko/20100401 Firefox/3.6.3

When ever you start firefox now 3-4 windows open i have changed every preference value that i could find and still the extra windows WHY? Over HEAD. The main issue, unresponsive scripting stop or continue, go to about config search on dom.max_script_run_time, change value from min 5 to 30 , nothing still same unresponsive results, how about Support adding the default higher so that the suggestion requesting users change or up the value?? Sounds good to me, ITs frustrating for one to have to go through layers and layers of configuartions bugs re: this java garbage, Java support needs to brush up on something and fix this in their software. Firefox not saving value change.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.quit the browser : Restarted the browser.
2. Selected inbox list of  items appear right clicked scroll bar spinning pizza wheel .
3. Scripting error message unresponsive script may have stopped or become un responsive. Force quit fire fox AGAIN, Number 2. restarted.  Firefox not saving value change.
Actual Results:  
Same unresponsive script may have stopped or become unresponsive, continue or stop.


Expected Results:  
Expected to no spinning pizza wheel for one, able to use scroll bar and up and down arrows which are now SLOW in response i might ADD.. Worked fine 4 updates prior never had more then 5 second clocking (spinning pizza wheel) inbox would appear and i could continue to select read, scroll via elevator bar or up and down arrows, I realize i have a g4 mac, but i do not have a pc which is really frustration entirely with its constant loading,loading,loading.....In short start firefox, open one window, auto,manual sign in to yahoo. com select yahoo mail and use browser if WAD.......

Software should WAD..... work as designed.. ITS NOT, Java is running amuck with unresponsive scripting