content of numbers (example: phone numbers do not display)
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.3) Gecko/20100401 Firefox/3.6.3
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.3) Gecko/20100401 Firefox/3.6.3

When surfing craiglist, ads produce and display text and pictures but phone numbers are missing. several ads missing phone numbers. numbers are displayed using internet explorer. this makes search function of this site unusable with this browser. i do not know if it occurs with other sites.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. I uninstalled firefox, cleared recycle bin, and reinstalled (windows 7)(1st comp)
2. Internet explorer continued to display numbers, firefox did not.
3. used another computer (2nd) in house, prior version of firefox, windows vista sp1
4. tried running on 1st computer again (windows 7) using compatibility as a vista sp1 and as administrator.
5. tried a 3rd computer which is a laptop operating on vista but also an older version of firefox
Actual Results:  
1. same result, no display of phone numbers.
2. no phone numbers displayed in firefox
3. firefox displays phone numbers correctly.
4. firefox still did not display numbers (this made me believe it was a firefox version issue rather than operating system.
5. firefox version displays numbers correctly


I originally thought it might be a windows 7 compatibility issue but clearly the prior versions of firefox work correctly on 2 other computers using vista. internet explorer works correctly on all 3 but i prefer firefox and always have.
If memory serves, previous firefox versions have worked on this windows 7 computer which makes me think that the issue is the newer version of firefox.

i hope this info helps. I know sites such as craiglist are not the most emergent site but it is probably used by many customers and businesses that look for phone numbers there.  Many businesses and people will not respond to email.

Thanks,

David