DNS names not refreshed when connection status changes
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.6; en-US; rv:1.9.2.3) Gecko/20100401 Firefox/3.6.3
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.6; en-US; rv:1.9.2.3) Gecko/20100401 Firefox/3.6.3

Reproducable situation: My ISP requires me to log in via VPN. If there's no VPN connection, all website requests are redirected to a site that tells me to use the VPN client. However, when I then create the VPN connection and want to now load the page I wanted to see, the ISP's info-site is shown again, instead of now showing the "real" page. Other websites of a different domain load just fine, and if I first connect to VPN and then start Firefox, or restart Firefox after connecting via VPN, the page I initially wanted to visit loads just fine.

The same problem did not appear on Firefox 3.5 on a Linux platform, and does not appear with Safari on this Mac.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Use an ISP that redirects you to another page when you aren't logged in via ISP.
2. Start Firefox
3. Load a page
4. ISP redirects you to his info-site
5. Connect via VPN as told by the ISP
6. Hit refresh, or retype the URL, or open a new tab and retype the URL
Actual Results:  
You'll still get the ISP's info site

Expected Results:  
Want to see the "real" site, not the ISP's info site

My internet connection usually works as follows:
1) My ISP provides my with a wireless router to which I connect. It runs some special Linux-based OS and has NO WPA/WEP password: It's basically open access
2) However, just logging on to the wireless router does not give you internet access. If you try to visit a website, it redirects you to a site where the ISP tells you what to do
3) Using a Cisco VPN client, you have to connect to the ISP's VPN server. Only then do you get access to the internet.

WORKAROUND: Restart Firefox once the VPN connection is established. Just hitting refresh, or retyping the URL, will NOT help.