window.open Popup Bug (Regression from 3.7a5)
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:2.0b1) Gecko/20100630 Firefox/4.0b1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:2.0b1) Gecko/20100630 Firefox/4.0b1

When using the following code in code:
window.open("planInfoPopup.php?mode="+mode, "planInfoPopup", "toolbar=0,location=0,directories=0,status=0,menubar=0,scrollbars=1,resizable=1,width=800,height=400");

a Firefox window with blank contents pops up (with a weird UI) for a split second and is destroyed. Then another pops up in a different location with a different size, then is resized to the requested (via window.open) size and contents.

This is extremely annoying and wastes a lot of time for the user and Windowing system. The expected behavior is the the window opens with the requested size and content immediately without creating and destroying extra windows, nor triggering resize events in the window manager.

This is a regression since the Mozilla Developer Preview 3.7 Alpha 5 - versions after Alpha 5 contained this problem.

With the level of detail and time I have spent on this it would be GREATLY appreciated if this could be fixed immediately so it can be released with 4.0 (official).

Thank you!

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Create a link that uses window.open with similar code as explained in the Details
2. Click it
Actual Results:  
A Firefox window with blank contents pops up (with a weird UI) for a split second and is destroyed. Then another pops up in a different location with a different size, then is resized to the requested (via window.open) size and contents.

Expected Results:  
The expected behavior is the the window opens with the requested size and content immediately without creating and destroying extra windows, nor triggering resize events in the window manager.

This is a regression since the Mozilla Developer Preview 3.7 Alpha 5 - versions after Alpha 5 contained this problem.