when lots of tabs are open, it is creating problems such as not being able to open tab in new window and more
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:2.0b1) Gecko/20100630 Firefox/4.0b1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:2.0b1) Gecko/20100630 Firefox/4.0b1

I've had some problems with the tabs in the FF4 beta1 and here is what happened. A lot many tabs are open(around 15-18 of them). Suppose my current opened tab is on www.rediff.com, now I click on the + symbol on the tab toolbar to open a new blank tab and then I click on Facebook bookmark on my bookmark toolbar below. So actually FB should open on the blank tab but what is happening is that the earlier working tab (which was rediff's) now changes to FB and the blank one remains blank. I click on any other bookmarked site and still the same thing, the blank tab remains as it is and the original rediff tab is getting replaced by the clicked bookmarked tab. Next I open one more blank tab(in all I now have 2 blank tab including the one which was not working) and try to open something with the bookmarked sites but again the same problem, these 2 blank tabs remain same and the original rediff tab is changed to the clicked bookmarked site. No matter how many tabs u create, these new tabs(after a certain point) do not work. I couldn't make sure as to when this starts happening- whether after a particular no of tabs(I havent been able to get a particular no so I dont think this is it) or after a particular time of being idle with the tabs or just random.


another problem is one I noticed when trying to register for bugzilla. After form fill up I am supposed to activate the account through the provided email. I did get the email but when I tried to click on it, the pop up was blocked by Firefox. So I right clicked on it and selected open in new tab but nothing happened, again I right clicked to open in new window again nothing happened. Then I clicked on the link again and pop up was blocked, so I clicked on show pop up from mail.yahoo and now again clicked on the act link and a new tab opened with the inbox page again(it did not take me to the activation page). Now in this inbox page i opened the mail and clicked on actn link and now the pop up took me to the activation page. 

The tabs are behaving randomly. kindly check



Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.open many tabs
2.keep adding new ones and try to open a site using the bookmarked sites on the bookmarks toolbar
3.after a certain point the new tabs are not working. they remain plain blank
Actual Results:  
same results as mentioned in the results

Expected Results:  
the tabs should function normally and the right click and open in new tabs/window should also work