No way to un-group separate instances on Windows 7 TaskBar
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.1; en-GB; rv:1.9.2.4) Gecko/20100611 Firefox/3.6.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.1; WOW64; en-US; rv:2.0b1) Gecko/20100630 Firefox/4.0b1

Background: I run separate instances of FF with different configurations. My GMail and Google Reader instances don't have any Add-ons, the UI is minimal and the themes make them look distinct. My standard browsing FF has all my Add-ons. My passwords, bookmarks and history are all synced with Firefox Sync. My shortcuts look like this: [ "C:\Program Files (x86)\Mozilla Firefox\firefox.exe" -no-remote -P <profile name> ] with "-no-remote" missing from my standard instance.

Until FF4b1 I could pin these shortcuts to the Windows 7 TaskBar and run them as if they were separate applications. Windows 7 didn't link them together and didn't group them together when I ran out of space, they were treated as if they were completely distinct applications. Once the pinned shortcut is launched FF runs ontop of that shortcut. This all makes switching between them and seeing which is which very easy.

With the new Win7 integration in FF4 (which is generally excellent btw), Windows 7 recognises them as the same application so they get joined and grouped. When I run out of space on my TaskBar they combine and it's difficult to switch between the windows; this is compounded when there are multiple tabs open across the windows because clicking on the grouped icon brings up all the tabs and it's difficult to find the one that I want to switch to. Additionally, I can pin my shortcuts to the TaskBar but once launched they group together ontop of one of the shortcuts and the others remain as if they are unlaunched.

While I understand the logic behind what's happening and the Windows 7 integration is a good step forward, perhaps there is cause for making instances run with different -P values run as separate instances? Or maybe there is scope for a new command line argument to run them separately?

Reproducible: Always