Firefox deletes first downloaded file on exit.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.8) Gecko/20100722 Firefox/3.6.8 ( .NET CLR 3.5.30729; .NET4.0C)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.8) Gecko/20100722 Firefox/3.6.8 ( .NET CLR 3.5.30729; .NET4.0C)

Mozilla Firefox will delete the first downloaded file on exit.  I can reproduce this on my system, but not on another system.  At this point I can't be entirely sure it is just me, or the software combination I have.  If I download two files, File A and File B, it will be the first file that is removed when I exit Firefox.  So, If I download File A then File B, exit Firefox, it will be File A that is removed, File B remains.  I turned off my anti-virus software, but that didn't change.  I can use Microsoft Internet Explorer and download the same files, but none of the files are deleted when I exit MSIE.  Also, it doesn't matter what file is downloaded.  You can move the first file and it won't be removed, but that is likely because Firefox doesn't know where the file exists now.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Download more than one file, it doesn't matter which files, it can be the same one, just save them in different places if you download the same file more than once.
2.Be able to monitor all files downloaded.
3.Exit Firefox, all windows and instances of it.
Actual Results:  
Only the first file downloaded will be removed.  All other files will remain.

Expected Results:  
Firefox should have left the first file downloaded to remain on the system.

I removed Firefox several times, and removed all profile directories and the install directory.  I also removed the main registry settings for Mozilla Firefox found in HKEY_CURRENT_USER/Software tree and in the HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE tree.  After installed Firefox 3.6.8 again, the bug persists with a fresh profile.

I am sorely tempted to just reinstall Windows 7, but that doesn't help anyone identify this issue.

The easy workaround is to simply move the first downloaded file to an alternate location before exiting Firefox.