Browser job is completely blocked at opening of the given page on the new tab. The browser goes in cycles.
User-Agent:       Opera/9.80 (Windows NT 5.1; U; ru) Presto/2.2.15 Version/10.10
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; ru; rv:1.9.2.3) Gecko/20100401 MRA 5.5 (build 02842) Firefox/3.6.3 (.NET CLR 3.5.30729) WebMoney Advisor

Its sense consists in that that the user goes on what or to sites and together with them the page of extortioners (usually pornographic maintenance) opens.
On which opening the user did not do inquiry or it has simply cluck on what that a harmless picture with competently made "virus" text.
At opening of this page all job of a browser (it is impossible to pass under open tabs, is blocked the menu and so on, the browser is not closed regularly) is blocked and this page cannot be closed, browser restart on means of removal of its process of the dispatcher of problems and fast closing of page helps only while that has not had time to be loaded, otherwise the situation repeats often.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Transition to page with a going in cycles script.
2.
3.
Actual Results:  
Browser job (it is impossible to pass under open tabs, is blocked the menu and so on, the browser is not closed regularly) is broken browser restart on means of removal of its process of the dispatcher of problems and fast closing of page helps only while that has not had time to be loaded, otherwise the situation repeats often.

Expected Results:  
I the bad programmer, do not know if fairly... 
It is probably necessary to give less than the rights to scripts, to make possibility of their hot blocking and to exclude cycling possibility. Also it would be desirable that job of the menu of a browser did not depend on open pages.

I would would like to inform on small vulnerability (if it is possible so it to name), as a matter of fact vulnerability it is not but breaks correct (regular) job of a browser and is very unpleasant phenomenon extorting purchase of paid services at the user to continue job with a browser further (and after all in him the important tabs for the user) can be open many.
For skilled or simply resourceful user it is faster an unpleasant situation, and for the novice user which will not guess to restart a browser and quickly to close harmful to the contribution (usually it helps). It without a target situation. At the best it will reinstall a browser or will pass to use of other browser and in the worst will pay to extortioners money if only to clean this page from a porno the maintenance and to renew normal job of a browser.
As far as I know many browsers are subject to this not essential, but during too time of the extremely unpleasant vulnerability.