Can't access ANY websites, constantly quits
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X 10.4; en-US; rv:1.9.2.8) Gecko/20100722 Firefox/3.6.8
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; PPC Mac OS X 10.4; en-US; rv:1.9.2.8) Gecko/20100722 Firefox/3.6.8

Hello,

I have absolutely NO IDEA what is going on with Mozilla Firefox 3.6.8, but for some reason I can't get access to any sites without it quitting on me or the following Pop-Up window appearing:

THIS CONNECTION IS UNTRUSTED

You have asked Firefox to connect securely to support.mozilla.com, but we can't confirm that your connection is secure.

Normally, when you try to connect securely, sites will present trust identification to prove that you are going to the right place, However, this sites identification can't be verified.

WHAT SHOULD I DO?

If you usually connect to this site without problems, this error could mean that someone is trying to impersonate the site, and you shouldn't continue.

Get me out of here!

>Technical Details
>I Understand the Risks

When I click on "I understand the Risks" it tells me the following:

If you understand what's going on, you can tell Firefox to start trusting the sites identification.  Even if you trust the site, this error could mean that someone is tampering with your connection.

Don't add an exception unless you know there's a good reason why this site doesn't use trust identification.

Then I click on Add Exception, which bring up yet ANOTHER BOX where I click on "Permanently store this exception then click again on Confirm Security Exception.

These are your basic every day run of the mill sites that don't require a HTTPS:// precursur to the rest of the browser address as I'm not logging into "personal type" information I'm just trying to find a map/directions to a place.

Half my emails don't come through for no apparent reason either, they were fine about 4-5 days ago.  In order to log into 99% of any website I have to quit out of Firefox and open up my Safari browser to do so.  Bottom line - Mozilla Firefox has literally ceased working period!  I tried to log into Craig's List on Sunday, 9/19/20 to post 3 ads but it would not bring up the "scrambled looking ID" that one has to retype in to continue (which is the same with 98% of job sites these days).  I logged out of Firefox, launched Safari, logged back into Craig's List and had absolutely NO PROBLEMS at all.  When I checked some of the postings regarding problems encountered on the Firefox Website (which I had to go through the entire process I just described above to do so as I also did this morning to post this BUG), I stopped reading after I read over 20 complaints regarding the exact same problem while running Firefox.  What on earth is going on?  I can't even log into your site as it keeps bringing up the above error type box.  I haven't done ANYTHING different to my computer except update Safari to 4.1.2 and Adobe Reader to 9.3.4 which both come up as "automatic updates" on my Mac OS X 10.4.11, 350 MHz PowerPC G4 with 640 MB SDRAM.

I would sincerely appreciate it if someone could get back to me ASAP as Firefox is my browser of choice and I usually sign up for free webinars via that browser listing it as the browser to check for compatibility before signing up for upcoming free webinars offered by the FDA or DIA or other professional Regulatory and Quality sites.

Many thanks,

Ann

Ann Beever
Regulatory Affairs/Quality & Clinical Operations Professional
Biopharmaceuticals
San Diego, CA
(858) 484-4650
abeever@sbcglobal.net

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.All described above
2.
3.
Actual Results:  
All described above

Expected Results:  
Should be able to access ANY website I type in the browser or actually locate through Google and click on the link, but I can't the entire process/history comes up on what I have to do to access ANY site!!!!!!!  This is getting extremely frustrating as I couldn't even access a job description from a recruiter yesterday, resulting in me losing the possibility of even applying for it - thanks a lot guys :-(

I am only using the default Theme as all the others make my window look far too busy and hard to read! There is no talkback crach ID given.  The only thing that happens is what I described above (I wish I could attach the .tiff file so you could see for yourself exactly what the box looks like).