New memory allocator spends too long doing work
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.1; en-US) AppleWebKit/533.4 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/5.0.375.99 Safari/533.4
Build Identifier: 

After the upgrade to Firefox 3.6.10, my web browser does use less memory *BUT* something much worse happens: after less than half a day of use, its performance becomes very very sluggish with tab'd brosing.

Switching tabs can hang the browser for up to 30 seconds whilst work goes on in the background. This really slows down something as simple as copying a web link from one web page to (say) an email that I'm composing using gmail.

Despite the memory footprint savings, I'm going back to 3.6.9 after this email because restarting firefox every 5 hours due to the memory allocator causing sluggishness is a lot worse than every few days due to growth in its memory use.

As an example of this sluggishness, clicking on a link in picasaweb results in a 15 second pause during which I can do nothing with firefox except stare at it, waiting for it to start rendering the new picasaweb page. If I switch back to gmail, another 15 to 20 second wait before I can click on "Inbox".

In the release notes for 3.6.10, I see this:

* Memory usage: Several new technologies work together to reduce the amount
  of memory used by Firefox 3 over a web browsing session. Memory cycles are
  broken and collected by an automated cycle collector, a new memory allocator
  reduces fragmentation, hundreds of leaks have been fixed, and caching
  strategies have been tuned.

what kind of sick joke is that?

I don't want to spend half the day waiting for firefox to hang up whilst it does garbage collection.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Start using firefox.
2. Open up a few tabs, one or two for facebook, one for gmail.
3. Sit back, use firefox and just wait for the amount of memory to be recycled to start consuming significant amounts of cpu time.
Actual Results:  
web pages go from being instantaneous responds to feeling like it takes half a minute or more for anything to happen.

Expected Results:  
What I expected was the same responsiveness, over time, as I had with 3.6.9.