Intermittent "Problem Loading Page - Server Not Found" only with FireFox 4 beta
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; rv:2.0b6) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0b6
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; rv:2.0b6) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0b6

When selecting a link from bookmarks or a web page, I get an intermittent failure. The request returns the failure "Problem loading page" "Server not found". Failure occurs on about ten percent of the attempts to select a link while the problem is occuring 

What raises my concern is that on the same desktop system, this failure is not seen with either Firefox 3.6.10 or IE8. It only occurs when running Firefox 4.0b6

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Select bookmark at from bookmarks pane
2.Verify that "Problem loading page" did not occur
3.Go back to step 1

Has been happening on and off the past week, since loading Firefox 4 beta.

Seems to occur when there is a slight lag in loading the page, the amount of network delay is such that I would not expect the browser to timeout.  
Actual Results:  
"Problem loading page" error displayed - pressing "Try again" always successfully loads the requests page.

Sample error message below 

Server not found       
Firefox can't find the server at www.canoe.ca.
Check the address for typing errors such as
    ww.example.com instead of
    www.example.com
  If you are unable to load any pages, check your computer's network
    connection.
  If your computer or network is protected by a firewall or proxy, make sure
    that Firefox is permitted to access the Web.

Expected Results:  
Requested web page should be displayed

Environment
Windows 7 x86
Bell Canada ADSL high speed service

McAfee antivirus plus 2010 - realtime scanning, firewall enabled
- McAfee siteadvisor 3.1 installed and disabled (Add-on manager has it flagged "McAfee SiteAdvisor is incompatible with Firefox 4.0.b6
Note - McAfee was installed and working with Firefox 3.6.10, McAfee add-on disabled when Firefox beta 4 installed      

I am willing to collect diagnostics if putting in the effort would be of value - e.g. Wireshark trace of failing request.