Firefox hangs downloading when opening a new window after original window closed. window title contains (Not Responding)
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.11) Gecko/20101012 Firefox/3.6.11
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.11) Gecko/20101012 Firefox/3.6.11

Firefox hangs and slows down to a halt while still downloading upon opening a new window.  The new window is what hangs but this is while files are downloading still and the original window that was used was closed because it was no longer needed for the download. The file being downloaded is a video file and is quite large. The file being downloaded seems to not matter where it is downloaded from whether a third party site like Megaupload or an FTP server. The download also slows down from going quick to a lower amount upon closing the original Firefox window as well. The only way to fix this is to wait until the download completes before opening a new window so that it is back to normal or to close both the newly window as well as the download window. Another thing noticed by opening the task manager is that Firefox when downloading and a new window opens during this problem the CPU usage is extremely high.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Open Firefox and begin downloading a large file usually a media file like a video since that is what I have experienced it with
2.Close that Firefox window while the file is still downloading
3.Open a new Firefox window while the file is still downloading
Actual Results:  
The new Firefox window slows down and hangs as well as the download window and proceeds to Not Responding in the Windows Task Manager.

Expected Results:  
The software should instead of acted like the original window while downloading and continue at the normal speed loading the contents of the website instead of slowing down and halting. Causing Firefox to go to the state of Not Responding in Windows Task Manager.

Using the theme LavaFox V1 V1.2.2 I have not tried this with the default theme however this problem never occurred with this theme before and didn't start occurring until Firefox Version 3.6.10 and has persisted into version 3.6.11