First time firefox opens hangs the navigation for a couple of minutes after 1 or 2 minutes of navigation
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; es-ES; rv:1.9.2.11) Gecko/20101012 Firefox/3.6.11 ( .NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; es-ES; rv:1.9.2.11) Gecko/20101012 Firefox/3.6.11 ( .NET CLR 3.5.30729)

The first time I open mozilla firefox after starting or rebooting the computer, it lets me surf the net for a minute or two, but suddenly it freezes for several minutes and you can't do anything. After that time it seems to be ok again, and you can surf the net normally. But it is not working properly. For instance, if you try watching a video (i.e. in youtube) it is a horrible experience. The image of the video freezes and jumps every 3 or 4 seconds... But it you close mozilla firefox and open it again, everything works alright.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Reboot the computer
2.Open mozilla firefox first of all
3.Start navigating (for example open www.marca.com in one tab, connect your gmail accounts with gmail manager and open one of them in another tab...)
4.Mozilla firefox crashes.
5.Wait patiently for 5 minutes or until it lets you do anything.
6.Keep on navigating and try to watch a video (in www.marca.com you can find some or go to youtube.com) 
7.See that it doesn't run continously.
8.Close mozilla firefox
9.Open it again and everything will be ok.


Actual Results:  
It happened the things I say in the steps

Expected Results:  
It shouldn't crash and freeze, and the videos should be reproduced well

If I open mozilla and close it before "the freeze", "the freeze" will happen the second time.
I suspect that this is related with a) the antivirus or b) the graphic card.
a) When windows starts, the antivirus (antivirus banda ancha of movistar, that i suspect that it is mcafee camouflated) always updates. So, the "only" software I know that is running is the antivirus and mozilla. Besides, if you wait for example 15 minutes after starting windows, mozilla firefox doesn't usually crash. If you do it just when starting windows, this problem always happens.
b) I think this problem started more or less at the time I changed my graphic card. Now I use ATI Radeon 5670 (the drivers are updated).