Antbar inserts a second general user agent extra line in the pref.js and a second line in general prefs as seen in about:config
User-Agent:       Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 6.0; Windows NT 5.0; .NET CLR 1.1.4322; .NET CLR 2.0.50727)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.9.2.12) Gecko/20101026 Firefox/3.6.12 Firefox/3.6.12

Searching the db for firefox and mozilla I have found several proposed solutions, including modification of the general line in the config file, as well as the prefs.js file for this account/profile; also searched for a user.js file which can interfere, but did not locate such a file on this PC.
The only way to avoid having this line overwriten again and again, 
"user_pref("general.useragent.extra.anttoolbar", "Firefox/3.6.12");"
is to wait until Firefox has opened and then edit the config file line; each time I open Firefox (unless I run Firefox, now version 3.6.12, in safe mode)
the line is rewritten as
user_pref("general.useragent.extra.anttoolbar", "Antbar/2.0.1"); Reopening without revising that line leads to slow, very slow openings instead of the normal rapid opening characteristic of Firefox.



Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. check about:config and "user_pref("general.useragent.extra.anttoolbar", "Antbar/2.0.1");displays again, rewriting or overwriting the preferences despite the corrections done per the articles and pages I've found
2. manually edit the second general.useragent.extra.anttoolbar line to Firefox/3.6.12 and work from there
3. Close Firefox, confirm is it closed via Process Explorer, and when it is confirmed closed, go to "prefs.js" and edit the line as per the Firefox Mozilla article re correcting "prefs.js" back to unhijacked version.
Actual Results:  
Despite performing all of the corrective strategies suggested via editing the "config" as well as the "prefs.js" once Firefox is closed, Ant.com and Anttoolbar somehows inserts a second "general.useragent.extra.*, Antbar/2.0.1" line in both the config file and the prefs.js file.
Somewhere from some source unidentified Antttoolbar injects a second, apparently conflicting or confusing "extraagent" line causing the Firefox browser to open more slowly due to the conflict.

Expected Results:  
Nothing.
The reinsertion/overwriten of the second extragent line for anttoolbar should be able to be written out or off; there should be a way of deleting the second anttoolbar line from the config file or a way to locate the source of the anttoolbar extraagent injection/insertiong so that it can be eliminated.
If there are other resources I haven't located or don't know about will someone please point me toward them?
The inadequate and contra-logical solution of course isn't a solution, but to  disable the anttoolbar but that loses the functionality of dld and playing flash videos in the direct, straightforward manner which the anttoolbar provides.

I believe Firefox, indeed the Mozilla design should either protect the compiled preferences more strongly, or find a way to permit deletion of lines from the config file -- modifying and resetting doesnt have the desired effect?

Is there a way to delete lines from the config file or a way of prohibiting addons from doing such an action?