Adobe 10 seems to not be compatible with Mozilla Firefox.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.13) Gecko/20101203 Firefox/3.6.13 ( .NET CLR 3.5.30729)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.13) Gecko/20101203 Firefox/3.6.13 ( .NET CLR 3.5.30729)

I signed in to Mozilla Firefox as my browser of choice.  Love It by the way!  and went on to open various websites in order to view information contained there.

-  I was informed that a new version of Adobe Flash needs to be installed (both, at these times) AND again, today, by a Firefox update.  I follow the steps to install the latest version (each time).  I am informed that I need to close down Firefox (each time) in order to successfully install Adobe Flash.  

NO yellow "Allow"  button is displayed on the top line for me to continue with the new Flash version installation.

-  Before writing this I have:  
    Tried to upload the flash update several different times - (when directed)
       from within consumer websites. 
    Tried to upload today (when directed) from the Firefox update.  
    Went to Firefox Help to see if there were directions for How To accept the
       installation from within Firefox when no Allow button is presented.
    Looked for other reports of this problem (and associated answers).
NOTHING.

One time I even closed down Firefox, at the point Adobe Flash told me to (even though this meant losing the connection to the Flash Update program).  Since doing this, I have received NO prompts to permit (direct) continued Flash installation.  And I have closed down (and re-signed into) my computer – in case this would prompt the continued installation.
NOTHING.

I suppose I could always use Explorer to get the Flash update this one time.  
But my concern with this approach is; If Adobe does not recognize Firefox during the installation of the update, will it recognize Firefox when I am attempting to use the update to download (or view) something on a website?  Or will I be restricted from viewing some website contents.  

(I was happy to see that your update requested the update be done - figuring that whatever caused the program to request the closure of Firefox would have been addressed before YOU requested the installation.  No such luck).

Please fix this.  My hands, unfortunately, are tied without Adobe.

Hate Adobe (all of the updates)  Love Firefox.

Thanks.


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.  See Above
2.
3.
Actual Results:  
See Above

Expected Results:  
NOTHING. This has proven to be what I will get. 

See above