don't save tabs before restoring them
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.13) Gecko/20101203 Firefox/3.6.13 GTB7.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.13) Gecko/20101203 Firefox/3.6.13 GTB7.1

I use the setting, "When Firefox starts, show my windows and tabs from last time."

What I've noticed over time is that there are various circumstances that defeat this capability.  Two that I've noticed recently are:

* Firefox crashing while the "having trouble restoring this session" tab is open.  (The "having trouble" tab comes back but the old pages don't.)
* Firefox indicates at startup that it failed to install a mini update and offers to download the full version of the update.  If you click the button to read what the update does, that information loads in a standard Firefox tab.  Now if you go ahead and allow it to download and install the full update, session restore displays the "what's in this update" again instead of the old tabs from before.

I'm sure I've seen other weird circumstances that caused this; I've been doing this awhile.

Anyway it seems to me that the common thread in all of these issues is that the session restore feature always saves the session on exit, even if the session never got far enough to load the previous one.  So, here's my suggested fix for all these issues.

If there's a session waiting to be restored (either from a crash or the "save & quit" stuff), session restore shouldn't be saving a new session.  Don't save any tabs until you've gotten around to restoring the last set.  Does this sound doable?  I think something like this would make the session restore feature more reliable.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.  Do anything that would cause a tab to open before the previous session was restored.  (Usually this involves updates or the session restore feature itself.)
2.  Exit before that previous session is restored.
Actual Results:  
The sesion is lost.

Expected Results:  
The session gets restored at the next start-up.