window not firing paint / repaint, DOM and Application Window, and filing this bug (textarea)
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Linux x86_64; rv:2.0b10pre) Gecko/20110120 Firefox-4.0/4.0b10pre
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Linux x86_64; rv:2.0b10pre) Gecko/20110120 Firefox-4.0/4.0b10pre

This started about a week and a half ago.

DOM:
I do a lot of dom appending in my web apps.  i transform xml, then append the resulting fragment.  about half of the time the screen doesn't finish painting the appended content (when appended into the middle of the document, like list tables and such).  I have to scroll to get the repaint to fire.

APPLICATION WINDOW:
when i minimize all windows, sometimes the window will not re-open.  I keep it maximized if that helps.  in order to see the window again, i have to right click firefox window on the panel and 'unmaximize' to see the window again, then i can re-maximize.

FILING BUG:
typing text into a textarea that causes it to scroll makes some letters not display randomly.

Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
DOM:
1. get xml list document
2. transform to table (table rows have css hover background color changes).
3. append to div with display=tableCell (don't know if that is needed but that is how i am using it)

WINDOW:
1. open favorite editor, terminal to watch logs, and browser -> maximized. (just to have many windows open)
2. minimize all windows one at a time or with 'view desktop' button in os.
3. click on minimized window on taskbar / panel to re-maximize it.

FILING A BUG:
1. type text into textarea on bugzilla long enough to scroll textarea.  Pause every once in a while to rest your eyes or think of how to phrase the next sentence
Actual Results:  
DOM:
no visible change to screen or artifacts where changes should be made.  mousing over the rows almost displays the rows.  also changing the size of the window will force a repaint.

WINDOW:
Window does not display at all.  changing the size of the window will force a repaint.

FILING THIS BUG:
no text displays or artifacts display.  scrolling up and down, hitting keys quickly without pause, or tabbing out of text area causes repaint to finally fire.

Expected Results:  
DOM:
When changes are made, it should fire a repaint, even if only after all elements are appended or altered.

WINDOW:
When the window state changes, a repaint should be fired right after the state change is complete.

Linux: Ubuntu 10.04 LTS Desktop _x64.
gnome, FF 4 b10pre
HP Pavilion dv7-3165dx w/8GB ram, AMD/ATI video

how i installed FF 4b
sudo add-apt-repository ppa:ubuntu-mozilla-daily/ppa
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install firefox-4.0