File overwrite
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.15) Gecko/20110303 Firefox/3.6.15
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.15) Gecko/20110303 Firefox/3.6.15

I wanted to be able to run and test firefox 4 beta.  I downloaded and installed it and it has a lot of new features that I like and some that I do not.  I wanted to be able to test 4.0 before I uninstalled 3.6 so I installed 4.0 to a different directory.  After running 4.0 for a few minutes I found that although there were no errors per say running it on this dinosaur of a computer (Pentium II, 348mhz, with 384mb ram) it could not be used for any serious browsing because as I typed in web page form boxes it would type about 1 letter every 5-10 seconds while I'm typing at about 35wpm.  Anyway while posting a :( comment I went too open the old version (3.6) something and it just opened another instance of 4.0....  So here's my issue.  Evin when I install 3.6 and 4.0 in different folders I cannot open 4.0 and 3.6 at the same time or for that matter just open 3.6 then close it and open 4.0 without a reinstall each time....

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Install firefox 3.6 in c:\programfiles\firefox\
2. Install firefox 4.0 in c:\programfiles\firefox 4 beta\
3. Try to run firefox 3.6
4. Install firfox 3.6 in c:\programfiles\firefox\
5. Try to run firefox 4.0 from it's home directory
(I did leave the check mark in the box that said "Make FireFox your primary browser" and actually as the install directories for the beta and non-beta versions are the same i used the default directories for the installs.  I don't believe that changing any of the standard settings would produce different results though...)
Actual Results:  
the install of one version of firefox overwrites the install of another evin when told not to by installing to a separate directory....

Expected Results:  
When a program is installed to a directory I expect it to run from that directory not from the directory of its predecessor's directory.  Also I expect it to leave also files that are not in the directory that it is installed in. So when I install firefox 4.0 beta to \firfox 4.0 beta\ and firefox 3.6 to \firefox\ there's no reason to expect that when you click on the firefox.exe file in one directory your going to get the firefox last installed running instead of the vertion you opened.  hopefully this makes sense its 2:30am here...

I think I've said it all a dozzen different ways in the boxes above but here is a quick summery.

firefox 4.0 beta runs very very very sluggishly on my Pentium II with windows xp.  but offers features that 3.6 does not.  To be honest I'm amazed that windows xp pro runs on this system and runs well.  I guess it just goes to show that Microsoft isn't a total mess, the fact that xp can run both on this stone-age peace of junk and my good gaming pc.  My overpowered gaming pc blew up a few weeks ago.  I'm guessing the sluggishness is being caused by loading modules for graphics cards, audio cards, and possibly Ethernet processors that this computer does not have and perhaps some gui features that this computer is capable of generating but not well...  

firefox 3.6 runs well on this ancient machine but doesn't offer some of the features that 4.0 does.  

When I install both in separate directories only the last version installed runs.  I would like to follow the changes for the beta but cannot use it for serious browsing because it is too sluggish.  

Side note: I know this should be a separate ticket but windows has a compatibility mode which allows it to run programs designed for older versions of itself as if the program were running on the older version.  Have you ever considered adding a feature to 4.0 which will make it run like 3.6 for compatibility.... 

after reading the paragraph below i should mention that both installs were fresh downloads with no addons/skinns/theams...