Using login from one site at another
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.2; en-US; rv:1.9.2.15) Gecko/20110303 Firefox/3.6.15
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.2; en-US; rv:1.9.2.15) Gecko/20110303 Firefox/3.6.15

I was on XP x 64 Prof. 
LinkedIn one one tab used log in information from a web based email from yahoo on another tab 

My expectation was that they would ask me to enter my password for Yahoo. 

To my surprise LinkedIn used the password from Firefox that had been used to log into Yahoo with no further permission. 

In my opinion one site on one tab should not have access to anything on another tab. This is a serious security violation. 

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Working on several sites on several tabs.
2. Logged into my webemail account on Yahoo.
3. On another tab I was logged into LinkedIn (different password).
4. Got a dialog box, from LinkedIn, asking if I would agree to using my Yahoo account contacts in LinkedIn.
5. I pushed the button "Agree" with the expectation that LinkedIn would ask me to log into my yahoo account to get access to my Contacts. 
6. Once I pushed "Agree" it immediately logged in and copied my contacts list and proceeded to send out invitations to all my contacts. 
7. Yahoo notified me that I had agreed and asked if I wanted to disconnect.
8. I disconnected the linkage, but by then the damage was done. 
Actual Results:  
I could not understand how information used to log into one site from one tab could be used at another site. This seems like a serious security violation. If I am logged into a banking site is my password made available for use at other sites?

Expected Results:  
See description under Steps.

Each tab should be acting independently of all other tabs. Information from what tabs I may be using should not be made available to other sites on other tabs. Something similar to this happened when I was at the Huffingtonpost site on one tab and I had Facebook open on another. The Huffington post site new that I was logged to to facebook and asked if they could use my profile from Facebook. At that time I thought nothing of it because I had a choice. In the case of LinkedIn I was surprised.