Bookmarks display in sidebar empty, but bookmarks show when clicking bookmarks button
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 5.1; rv:2.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 5.1; rv:2.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0

(Hopefully this is not a duplicate of an existing bug.  A search didn't reveal obvious candidates.)

I normally use the Sidebar to display the bookmarks list.  This broke upgrading from FF 4.0 Beta13Pre nightly to FF 4.0 RC1.  Instead of my expected bookmarks display, I see three entries with (no title) as the description.  I *do* see my expected bookmarks list when clicking the bookmarks button on the toolbar.


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Install FF 4.0 RC1
2. Open FF 4.0 RC1 using existing profile
3. Open Sidebar to view bookmarks
Actual Results:  
Bookmarks list contains 3 entries with (no title) as the description

Expected Results:  
A normal display of my bookmarks in the Sidebar panel

This behavior persisted even after an FF 4.0 restart with extensions disabled, so it's not an add-on conflict.

To make matters thoroughly confusing, clicking on the Bookmarks button in the toolbar *shows* my expected bookmarks list.

Looking in the profile directory, I see that my former places.sqlite is gone, replaced by places.sqlite.CORRUPT, and a default places.sqlite file has been created.  

So my questions are:

1) Why is FF deciding my places.sqlite file is corrupt and replacing it with an empty default copy?  I saw this behavior when trying to use a places.sqlite file from my 3.6 installation in 4.0 beta, gave up, and imported a backup, assuming some incompatibility between 3.6 and 4.0 bookmark handling.  It was an unpleasant surprise to see it happen going from FF 4 Beta to FF 4 RC1.

2) Since it *shows* my expected bookmarks file when clicking on the Bookmarks button, where is it *getting* that list?  It's certainly not getting it from the places.sqlite file.

Any guidance that will help me understand what is happening will be welcomed.  So will any suggestions about further info I can provide to track down what is occurring.
______
Dennis