Firefox button appears twice in two different colors when "Menu Bar" is unchecked with one of them behaving abnormally
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Linux i686; rv:2.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Linux i686; rv:2.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0

There are two types of behavior:

1. When I uncheck the "Menu Bar" option in the context menu, two Firefox buttons appear. One looks like the new Firefox button but the color is black. The other has the new orange color but its size is too small that it only shows the letter "F" with the downward arrow. Both buttons are adjacent to each other with the orange one on the left. The black Firefox button behaves normally as the new Firefox button should. The orange one however does two things. If I click on it, it will show up the options just like it should but in addition it shows the traditional menu in a ghostlike bar when I hover the mouse over it. 

2. If I tick the "Menu Bar" option, the black button disappears but the small orange one remains. But this time it doesn't show the required menu when I click but shows only the ghostlike traditional menu when the mouse is hovered over it.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open Firefox with "Menu Bar" disabled to get the first type of behavior.
2. Open Firefox with "Menu Bar" enabled to get the second type of behavior.
Actual Results:  
1. Two Firefox buttons appear with the black one behaving normally and the orange one showing the required menu on click and traditional menu in a ghostlike manner on hovering the mouse. 
2. Black button disappears but the orange one remains. But it doesn't do anything when clicked and shows the traditional menu when mouse is hovered above.

Expected Results:  
There should have been only one Firefox button which was large and orange in color just as it was advertised with its original functionality. 

Firefox 4 was difficult to install in Ubuntu 10.04. The i686 file from the site couldn't install. Finally I got it installed as follows:

1. First I removed version 3.6 completely through Synaptic
2. Deleted the ".mozilla" folder from "/home".
3. Added the following in sources.list
- deb http://ppa.launchpad.net/mozillateam/firefox-stable/ubuntu lucid main 
- deb-src http://ppa.launchpad.net/mozillateam/firefox-stable/ubuntu lucid main
4. Ran sudo add-apt-repository ppa:mozillateam/firefox-stable 
5. Ran sudo apt-get update
6. Installed version 4 through Ubuntu Software Center.