Firefox closes successfully after launching & closing multiple instances of plugin-container.exe
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 5.1; rv:2.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 5.1; rv:2.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0

Not being on the development team, I have to assume that plugin-container.exe gets launched any time you visit a web page that requires the use of a plugin.  Flash & Java are pretty popular but there's others.  In my case, I think Flash is what I encounter most often.  It's pretty hard to avoid pages with Flash, isn't it?  So once I've caused a plugin to be used, it seems that when I close my last browser window & Firefox is doing termination cleanup, I'm seeing plugin-container.exe instances proliferating in the Windows Task Manager.  I think I've seen as many as 8 or more executing simultaneously.  And then after a few seconds, they do all close & Firefox completes a normal shutdown.  What twigged me to something being a bit strange was I was hearing my system sounds for program launch & program termination playing in a long continuous chain.  Since I had only closed one application (Firefox), I was not expecting to find any applications opening, and I was expecting only the one application to close.  So hearing all this activity of programs opening & closing all over the place prompted me to observe activity in the Task Manager, & that's when I observed what was going on.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open Firefox.
2. Visit any web page that needs a plugin.
3. Close Firefox.
4. Watch the show in the Windows Task Manager.
Actual Results:  
Firefox closes but it takes a circuitous route to get there, launching & closing many instances of plugin-container.exe before finally cleaning up & shutting down.

Expected Results:  
Just close the one instance of plugin-container.exe that had been in use, don't open any additional instances of plugin-container.exe, and then close Firefox.

I'm not sure exactly how much of my configuration gets automatically prepended to the bug report so:

Windows XPPro, SP3+all current updates served automatically by Microsoft
Pentium 4 2GHz
1G RAM
Firefox is the 4.0 that I got auto-prompted to install last week.

Not sure anything else about my system is really relevant, like hard drives, video card, network connection, etc.  Although I can provide that if somebody thinks it's relevant.