computer freezes up/locks up anytime i prompt it to print.  I get the blue crash screen about 4 times a day. This seems to happen if i have to many windows open or doing to much at one time
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.14) Gecko/20110218 Firefox/3.6.14
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.14) Gecko/20110218 Firefox/3.6.14

I cannot get my printer to print anything off of my computer. Also, my screen will stall out and i have to open the task manager to get it to close. It will close the entire program instead of just the window i was working in.   I was creating a sales receipt and saved and then told it to print. The Windows froze up and so i did a task manager and told it to end service and instead of it closing just the sales receipt it closed all of quickbooks. So i went to Authorize.net entered his (customer)information in off of his credit card and submitted it. It was approved so i told it to view printable receipt and again it stalled out and froze and i was unable to get it to print.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.click on create sales receipt in QkBks and filled out the necessary information, click saved
2.Then i proceeded to Authorize.net, logged in, enter in the his cc info and clicked submit, came back approved to i clicked on the button that was labeled view printable receipts
3.
Actual Results:  
I cannot get my printer to print anything off of my computer. Also, my screen will stall out and i have to open the task manager to get it to close. It will close the entire program instead of just the window i was working in.   I was creating a sales receipt and saved and then told it to print. The Windows froze up and so i did a task manager and told it to end service and instead of it closing just the sales receipt it closed all of quickbooks. So i went to Authorize.net entered his (customer)information in off of his credit card and submitted it. It was approved so i told it to view printable receipt and again it stalled out and froze and i was unable to get it to print.

Expected Results:  
Printed a sales receipt & print a cc receipt

i have had lots of crash problems with this computer the os is windows 7 ultimate. I have a 64 processor but i installed the the 32 bit
 and im right handed