Firefox gets shut down when closing the downloads window by right-click.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 5.1; rv:2.0.1) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 5.1; rv:2.0.1) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0.1

The problem (explained in third paragraph) I'm going to tell is not new. I have been experiencing this problem since Firefox 3.5. But I didn't report it to you. Because I thought the problem is so acute that someone would have reported it to Firefox developers. And you guys would be working on it to fix it in next updates or in Firefox 4.0. With problem persisting and recurring, it seems  nothing has happened according to my anticipation and imagination.

Which has forced me to file this bug today on this forum. So here it is. 

The problem is whenever I close the Firefox download window by right-clicking on its taskbar button, the main window of Firefox gets closed down along with it. And no matter how many tabs are open in the Firefox, it just get shutdown without any prior warning or sign of crash. I say without any sign of crash because the browser starts normally after the sudden shutdown.

One thing more, "multiple tabs close warning" is on in my Firefox. But even that doesn't stop it from closing down suddenly. I've also checked the task manager, the Firefox window doesn't disappear to the background. It indeed gets shutdown.

(**Note: The sudden shutdown of Firefox happens ONLY when the download window is closed by right-clicking on its taskbar button in XP. This problem does not happen when the download window is closed by its cross mark(X). I'm using XP SP3 so I don't know this problem happens in Windows Vista and Seven also or not. In case you don't know, this is called task bar http://www.coolnerds.com/XP/Taskbar/xpTaskbar.htm )

I used to experience this problem 10 out of 10 times in Firefox 3.5. With Firefox 4.0 and 4.01, I'm experiencing this problem 7 to 8 times out of 10.

So Firefox guys I've explained my problem clearly in detail. Can you now do
something in this matter? Wonder how you missed such a big bug.





Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Just download anything.

2. Close the download window by right-clicking on its taskbar button.(This is called taskbar: http://www.coolnerds.com/XP/Taskbar/xpTaskbar.htm )

3. Now you main Firefox window will get close suddenly along with the download window; without any warning or crash sign.
Actual Results:  
Firefox window suddenly closed along with the download window. And no it doesn't goes to the background. Have checked it.

Expected Results:  
The main Firefox window must not have closed down along with the download window.