FF4 Remember Password Listbox Widget Must Positively Display Choices on Dialog Face
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Linux i686; rv:2.0) Gecko/20110321 Firefox/4.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Linux i686; rv:2.0) Gecko/20110321 Firefox/4.0

The new "Remember Password" dialog does not provide a save interface for choosing to (1) Remember Password; (2) Not at this time; or (3) Never for this site. One slight mistaken click trying to hit the tiny down arrow of the list box results in the wrong selection of "Remember Password" where the user wanted "Never for this site"

The problem is in the use of a listbox instead of having positive choice buttons displayed on the face of the dialog as in prior versions. Nowhere on the face of the dialog can the user select:

(2) Not at this time; or
(3) Never for this site

Instead, the only way to access these options is to click a small down-arrow to open the listbox widget. Any small error in mouse click causes "Remember Password" to be chosen. This is a drawback for anyone with visual or physical disabilities. The dialog should clearly show all 3 choices on the face of the dialog without relying on options hidden behind a tiny listbox access arrow. The interface design should be reworked for this dialog.


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. enter a site that requires a password to get the "Remember Password" dialog
2. only 1 choice is visible
3. to access the other options you have to click a down-arrow that is on the face of the "Remember Password" button. The current dialog has the following as a single button with the default FF4 theme:

[ Remember Password | ]

(the pipe is substituted for the down-arrow above) If you miss the down arrow by a fraction of an inch, "Remember Password" gets selected when the intent was to choose one of the other options.
Actual Results:  
see above

Expected Results:  
A clean dialog that clearly displays all 3 Remember Password options on the face of the remember password dialog:

(1) Remember Password;
(2) Not at this time; or
(3) Never for this site