Establish an emotional connection between the user and their Firefox
This is going to sound like one of the more bizarre meta bugs out there, but here's the goal: over time users develop an emotional connection to their Firefox.  Users anthropomorphize the application in the same way that some people name their cars, and they feel a genuine loyalty and love for their Firefox (also note the notion of "their Firefox", and not "the Firefox").

Ever since clippy, the notion of software that talks to the user has been strongly shunned (and given what they did, rightfully so).  But there are some key differences with what I'm thinking of.  In this approach, the user's Firefox would never proactively make a statement, there are just some instances where the user might passively encounter a statement (install, home tab).  Also, the dialog would be carefully written, and consistently original. Additionally, at no point would we use a paper clip with eyes glued to it.   

Firefox is cast as a mythical creature, who is protective and passionately loyal to the user.  We develop a particular tone of voice that Firefox speaks in, and then use that voice for the mythical creature to make direct statements to the user over the life cycle of the product.  Firefox is presented as the user's companion.  It doesn't interrupt, but it also addresses the user in the first person, and in dialog it consistently demonstrates that it is on the user's side.

This emotional effect is already happening to some extent in our user base, but we aren't framing it as well as we could.

Here's some specific examples of things we could do:

-The install icon is a younger Firefox sitting in a box, looking directly at you.  The experience is basically taking a puppy home from the pet store

-During the install, the Firefox makes a series of statements written in a first person voice, like "I will keep you safe online."  While basically a listing of features, they are presented as vows to the user.  The additional effect of these messages is that we need to keep the user's attention while the stub installer completes the download, to ensure we successfully convert the user before they get bored and cancel.

-Every day, the Firefox icon on the home tab has a new message for the user.  While some of these messages are pure self promotion (sync, extensions, personas), they are written and presented as if the Firefox is talking to you.  Sometimes the messages are a mixture of feature promotion and protection.  For instance:

>You might get better rates if you shop for plane tickets in private browsing mode. 
>Sites won't be able to track the prices that you've already seen.

That statement is part feature promotion, part hacking the Web, and 100% on the user's side.

But not every statement the Firefox makes in its daily message has to be about accomplishing one of our engagement objectives.  In the correct set of locales on valentines day Firefox should simply say "I love you"

The brands we are competing with consists of a compass, the letter e, and a killer robot, so there is really no reason that we shouldn't be able to establish the strongest emotional connection with our users.  All of these values already exist in the code itself, this is simply surfacing them a bit more in a creative dialog.