Firefox intermittently freezes, jumps to wrong page, and hides tab bar
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.0) AppleWebKit/534.24 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/11.0.696.71 Safari/534.24
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.0; rv:2.0.1) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0.1

This is a weird one, new with Firefox 4: sporadically, triggered by unknown factors, the browser will abruptly display a different page, with the tab bar vanishing, and will be unresponsive for some time. After usually a few seconds or less, it will jump back to the page it was on before and resume acting normal.

The page it jumps to is frequently a recently visited YouTube one. It needn't be open in any tab at the time, so this isn't a case of it simply jumping to another tab spontaneously. No perceptible delay to load the page occurs so it seems to load it from cache. It's not a purely random page from cache though -- it's almost always a recently visited page with Flash on it, and when it's not, it's a blank black page. The page is generally rendered incorrectly, frequently only partially but sometimes with elements replicated or overlapping as well. For example a YouTube page will render with the framing graphics around the video but not the video itself; on the other hand a Flash game page may render with part of the game UI (in a frozen state) but much or all of the surrounding HTML missing.

There's no specific in-Firefox action to trigger this. Interestingly, though, starving FF of CPU can trigger it from the *outside*, which shouldn't be possible. That should at worst only be able to make FF freeze, without also causing it to navigate by itself.


Reproducible: Sometimes

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Just use Firefox heavily and eventually this will occur. I see it usually a couple of times a day.

Actual Results:  
Firefox will infrequently freeze, and when it does it will jump (just beforehand) to a random Flash-containing page from cache, jumping back as soon as it recovers. The tab bar will disappear for the duration.

Expected Results:  
FF should not freeze at all unless starved of CPU and should not spontaneously navigate anywhere, nor should the tab bar disappear when there are multiple open tabs.

Bog-standard dual-core Vista box with a bog-standard Firefox install, ABP, and one or two other minor add-ons that seem unlikely to be involved here.