Hang of Firefox after Quicktime plugin wrongly reported as missing
Created attachment 544779
firefox-bin_2011-07-08-115241_Macintosh-Quad-3GHz.hang.zip

User Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10.6; rv:5.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/5.0
Build ID: 20110615151330

Steps to reproduce:

Clicked a link (http://academia.edu/) in Thunderbird 5 that opens a page in Firefox 5.


Actual results:

An error appears (see screenshot) showing that Quicktime is missing.  However Address bar:  About:Plugins (see screenshot) shows that Quicktime is not missing at all and actually works.  There is an exception in my own site, where some links that used to load quickly (and still do in Safari, and on all browsers under Windows 7) suffer a glacial playback speed in Firefox 4 thru 5.

Clicking Cancel:
allows the site to load normally, and there is no adverse functionality to indicate that any plugins are actually missing.  Everything works as it should.

Clicking Continue:
takes me to:  http://www.apple.com/quicktime/resources/components.html?os=OSX&ctype=71746578&csubtype=ff9c8000

This page lists very many plugin sites, but there is no guidance as to which one might fix the problem.  I have in fact downloaded and reinstalled everything that used to be in Firefox 3, including Quicktime (both as QT 7 and as QT X).

If the dialog gets hidden, it cannot be located except by pulling windows out of the way.  It does not have any identity in the Window menu of either Firefox or Thunderbird.  Once it's hidden, Firefox cannot be accessed.  Sometimes a press of the Esc key will activate the Cancel option, but quite often, the error dialog hangs and at this point, Firefox hangs ("not responding" in the Activity Monitor).  After Forcequit Firefox, and also quitting Thunderbird, the dialog continues to display with a spinning pizza cursor even though no other application apart from the Finder is still running.  Reboot of the machine is the only way to get rid of it, as it continues to display even after every single application (including the Finder) is vacated from the open list.


Expected results:

The dialog should either reveal the identity of the missing plugin accurately, and show where/how it can be updated, or not appear at all, considering that apart from the occasional hangs (attached to this post) as described above, there is no other loss of functionality.

These problems were never evident in Firefox 3 or earlier, and have all arisen since the advent of Firefox 4. The rapid succession to Firefox 5 has made no difference to the issue.