After frozen Mac, after Firefox crash or after clean Firefox quit, Session restore failed to restore a lot of tabs, giving windows with no tab
Firefox 6.0 on Mac OS X.

Usually session restore works pretty well for me. Alas, this time Firefox has restored many of my tabs, but has failed to restore many others. So data loss issue.
I had recently installed the buggy extension FlashBlock, so I suspect it, and I have now got rid of it.

My Mac had frozen. A bad habit of him.

After reboot, I relaunch Firefox.

I get the dialog allowing me to restore the session. It lists the windows which were open, and for every window its tabs, and I can untick the ones I don't want to restore. But, among the 30 or so windows, a dozen show no tab. Of course they had tab(s). A window with no tab, that does not make sense.
I leave everything ticked, I click Restore, and my windows get restored, except the dozen windows whose tabs are lost. So I get much fewer windows than I had.
I rush to my Firefox profile folder, and I copy it. In the copy, I open the sessionstore.bak file. Later on, I will try to restore my session from the contents of this file, after putting it in the sessionstore.js file, and that will give me the same result. So, I look at sessionstore.bak. I find the addresses, in "url" items of "entries" items. And I find my poor windows like this :

{"tabs":[],"selected":0,"_closedTabs":[],"width":"1268","height":"806","screenX":"50","screenY":"22","sizemode":"maximized"}

List "tabs" : desperately empty. :'-( Sometimes, "selected" is 12 ; sometimes, the  list is filled in and contains… the closed tabs ; but the open tabs are definitely lost.

So, please make session restore, this oh ! so important feature, more robust.

And, taking Murphy's law into account, what about having a few more backups, for salvaging things ? In addition to sessionstore.bak, saving the older sessionstore-01.bak, the even older sessionstore-02.bak… sessionstore-10.bak, one level for 24 hours ? Rolling in safe order : first, write -09's contents to -10, then, write -08's contents to -09…

Many thanks,

Nicolas