ffx 8 lost whole session - upgrade, extensions, combination
User Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 5.1; rv:8.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/8.0
Build ID: 20111104165243

Steps to reproduce:

win32/winxp:
upgraded a firefox 7.0 to firefox 8.0 via integrated upgrade mechanism (about dialogbox). many firefox windows, many tabs in windows.

hard to remember the exact stepp of things as it involved a longer abstince in using this firefox and its profile. over a longer time the firefox installation on this machine has been unused but the standlone installers of the major releases of the past months downloaded (.exe installers) and executed/installed. firefox was never started up during this time.

only today i started the then-current firefox 7.0 (non 7.0.1 i think) and it came up with these pre-startup smaller dialog windows where it checks for outdated or compatibility of addons/extensions. it did all those checks and i acknowledged all it offered to update there on the extension side.

so firefox 7 came up normally, all tabs/windows were there. als the extensions tab displayed a number of extensions there, all present and working.

then i went into the about dialogbox, it downloaded a new update (too bad firefox doesnt show the user what version and details it actually fetches and applies, this is really a bad thing to leave the user in the dark about these important information).

so anyways, firefox 8 came back up very quickly (i had upgraded many other firefox machines last night to firefox 8, they all showed this large new window in contrast at the beginning where ffx8 checks and fetches new extensions). and it restored all my windows and tabs properly. odd enough the extensions tab was completely empty, only a small button in the middle telling me that no entries or elements of this kind existed or so. no extensions.

remember, the tabs/windows were all okay.

so i shutdown firefox8 normally (file, exit) and then started it back up.

this time only exactly one window with one normal tab (about: home) appeared, and then a great many additinional special tabs next to it, all with about:extension{........ } or such a rather special address type i have never seen or observed before with firefox, maybe it was config: extension or whatever, well at least there seemed to be some GUID next to this same part of the URI, locating the actual extension or so.

the content of these special tabs only had a short text giving a hint about the extensions name and that it needed some maintenance and some external program was in midst of operating the files or so it hinted, very weird stuff, and a checkbox was offered if i wanted to make it the extension work again with firefox or update it and activate it again or such text. dont quite recall it as i have never seen this kind of weirdness before.

so all of these additional tabs next to the single about:home tab looked like that. no other tabs or windows.

so i was already hoping for the worst, and the worst came, after the firefox obvious restart.

one firefox window and one tab (about:home) was being offered, and the extensions tab showed again a shiny list of active present and working extensions all of the up-to-date (no updates on checking), but my whole session of many windows and tabs of firefox was hosed and gone.

the history, restore-last session or the button on about:home didnt help and and eventually was greyed and didnt work.

this session was messed with and eternally destroyed i guess.



Actual results:

main questions remain, what on earth were these many tabs with the single extensions being questioned and checkboxed back alive and speaking about external programs mangled the extension files or stuff.

something is very wrong here.
worst part is that except for extensions being deactivated hidden or sleepin in some way i actually still had and used my firefox session with firefox8, only the second boot of firefox8 gave me this desaster.

:(((((((