When I upgraded to 9.0, I lost the ability to save passwords & select themes
User Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 5.1; rv:9.0.1) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/9.0.1
Build ID: 20111220165912

Steps to reproduce:


After upgrading to v 9.0 on 01/5, I soon realized that I'd completely lost the ability to set any theme as a preference, lost the ability to keep the check ON in Options menu to configure Password Manager AND after spending 01/6 through 01/12, after attempting to reinstall the app several times, I resigned myself to the fact that I was going to have to go through each of the themes and personas I had one by one as per the recommendation the 'Troubleshooting Extensions and Themes' article on your website about trying to narrow down which themes/personas were giving me the problem, only to realize that every single one of them was doing the exact same thing: It becomes the default until the next time I shut FF down; on the next reboot, the default went right back to the Default 9.0. theme. Likewise, I could manually go into the Security section of the Options menu and click the "Remember Passwords for Sites" checkbox, as soon as I pressed OK and shut the Options down, apparently the app would uncheck that box, because by the time I tried to log into a website, the Password Manager was shut down...

And then on Thursday, 1/12, I rebooted my computer, then tried to load Firefox 9.0. I got this strange message that the app was already running, but no longer responding, and that I should either shut it down or reboot my computer. Since I could see no instance of Firefox running in Task Manager, What's Running, etc., I rebooted my computer and tried again, only to get the SAME EXACT MESSAGE. Since I was busy with life, I went on that way for four days before getting the time to do the only other option I could think of: I backed up my profile and completely uninstalled Firefox from my computer for the first time since I've owned this computer (May 2004!!). For those four days, I relied on Opera, Chrome and Safari to get on the net.

Then just as I was was able to reinstall v 9.0 to my computer, on Sunday, 1/15, I learned that there was a new update availabe, v.  9.0.1, I updated to that version instead, restored my profile to Firefox and tried again. This time, I was able to start the app, but the above problems continued. After being on the net for just under 4 hours, I was shutting off my home computer for the day when I was struck by the first of what turned out to be a string of BSOD errors on top of everything else. 





Actual results:

All that week, I attempted various things to fix the problems, including uninstalling every theme and persona I'd installed and reinstalling the most up-to-date version of each one, including in a couple of cases, going to the theme's author's website to download it.

1/16  6:02 AM   Error 0x7E  SYSTEM_THREAD_EXCEPTION_NOT_HANDLED
1/17 12:45 PM  Error 0x24  NTFS_FILE_SYSTEM

Last week, I spent most of my free time, uninstalling and re-installing themes, personas, add-ins, plug-ins and extensions. Nothing is helping the situation.

1/24 7:37 PM   Error 0x50 PAGE FAULT IN NON-PAGED AREA
1/25 3:00 PM  Error 0x0A  IRQL_NOT_LESS_OR_EQUAL
1/25  5:03 PM Error 0x50 PAGE FAULT IN NON-PAGED AREA
1/25  5:11 PM Error 0x0A  IRQL_NOT_LESS_OR_EQUAL

That last pair occurred back-to-back during the same reboot! I've been using computers since Windows 3.0 in the mid-1980s and Firefox since version 1 in 2004, but I've never had two BSOD errors on top of each other this way. Before that, I bought my first computer, an Apple IIc in 1982. This week, I've run every hardware tester known to man, every registry fixer likewise, running over 50 Chkdsk scans this 
month alone and they all tell me there's nothing wrong with my computer...

Although they are the same to BSOD errors, the other thing they share in common was that they all occurred during a reboot, and from the messages in the Event Viewer (and lack thereof), it seems as if whatever's going on is occurring near the beginning of the startup process, before the Event Viewer receives its Startup notice. hat's actually good, because besides the obvious irritation factor involved, at least I'm not losing any work...week will do more than take over as the "default setting" until I next restart the system. As soon as I turn off and reload FF, it goes right back to the Default 9.0.1 theme. As far as I can tell, extensions and plug-ins seem to be working. But I've now got a bigger problem:

1/24 7:37 PM   Error 0x50 PAGE FAULT IN NON-PAGED AREA
1/25 3:00 PM  Error 0x0A  IRQL_NOT_LESS_OR_EQUAL

and then, la piece de la resistance:

1/25  5:03 PM Error 0x50 PAGE FAULT IN NON-PAGED AREA
1/25  5:11 PM Error 0x0A  IRQL_NOT_LESS_OR_EQUAL

That last pair occurred back-to-back during the same reboot! I've been using computers since Windows 3.0 and Firefox since version 1, but I've never had two BSOD errors on top of each other this way. I've run every hardware tester known to man, every registry fixer likewise, running over 50 Chkdsk scans this month alone and they all tell me there's nothing wrong with my computer...

Although they are the same to errors, the other thing they share in common was that they all occurred during a reboot, and from the messages in the Event Viewer (and lack thereof), it seems as if whatever's going on is occurring near the beginning of the startup process, before the Event Viewer receives its Startup notice. That's actually good, because besides the obvious irritation factor involved, at least I'm not losing any work...


Expected results:

I fully expected when installing 9.0 and then 9.01 that I would just install them and go about my business 

as usual. I expected to select a specific theme to make the interface look better and to go about my way 

with as little interruption as possible. I expected that every time I started Firefox, that I could expect to 

see my chosen theme and every time I logged into an account, I would be asked if I wanted Firefox to 

save the data for me. I actually used the same theme for FF for 6-7 years in a row. But No..... To see my chosen theme, first I have to start the app, pick the theme, enable it, restart the computer and then I can work at whatever I'm doing for the night, assured that tomorrow, when I come back to Firefox again, I will have to start the app, pick my chosen theme, restart the app, enable it, and so on and on...

I had hoped that your techs would have found and solved the problem with 9.1, but no... There's not even a hint of a problem within Event Viewer that might tell me what's wrong.