Ideas about history and tab clutter
History is still linear and hasn't followed the tab-browsing age. When browsing
with multiple tabs, which site led to what (the browsing-flow) is more relevant
than the order in which they were opened that the history window shows. There is
an other kind of history, linked to the back/forward buttons, which is specific
to each tab, and empty when the tab is new.

In both cases, this feels wrong to me: the history window is almost unusable but
for the "search" feature, and going forward and backward should'nt be impaired
so much by the way in which I opened the link.

Moreover, the "open link in new tab" feature is often used as just a way to more
easily go back (to a search to get back more results for example). Or more
generally to keep some easy reference to a page you know you'll need again soon.
This, at least in my case, leads quickly to tab clutter that make finding the
right tab more difficult. This is multiplied by the number of independent tasks
you do in the same browser window, each leading to a whole tree of tabs.

People are concerned about the tab clutter problem, but none of the proposed
solutions have really cut it yet:

- The tab grouping window is nice, but requires too much manual work in my
  opinion. If I'm too lazy to have orderly tabs as I go, I probably am to sort
  them this way too. Plus, other groups feel "hidden" a little bit too far away
  to me (but that could be improved). Grouping should be done mostly
  automatically.

- An interesting extension that I find very useful (despite the way it is
  written...) is Tree Style Tab. The idea is simple, you can get a simple
  hierarchy in your tabs by making a distinction between real new tabs and ones
  opened from links. This at least groups my concurrent topics in an easily
  accessible way. But even then, the back/forward history is tab specific and
  the parent/child relationship gets a bit weird when I follow a link in the
  parent tab or even close it.


Well, the reality of it is that the browsing history is a forest. It was a tree
before tabs made their way in, but even then the multiple futures weren't
properly handled (going back then forward another way), which I have always
found mildly annoying. With tabs, you work around it by opening in new tabs in
advance; we got used to this but, because this is the only way provided. Tabs,
on the other hand, with the history seen as a forest, may be seen as only a few
highlighted items in the history: any relationship between them is still present
and could be used for a clever way to visualise or to handle some operations
(like "back").

Of course, I am not suggesting we explain to users that their history is a
forest with a new tree planted every time they click on "new tab". But merging
history and tabs in some way and finding a good way to visualise the result is
the way to go. I have a few ideas about how to do this and am starting to work
on an extension to see how usable it turns out to be (it's my first, so please
be patient while I learn XUL).



Disclaimer: I am writing this based on my personal experience. I know for a fact
that I often don't use the tools the way most people do; my goal is to make the
experience better for everyone, not just myself, so I am counting on other
user's experiences to get usable UI and features. Please tell me if I am wrong
in my assumptions about how the tabs are used, or if my ideas would make it
worse for you. I sure don't expect to get it right without lots of reviews from
different users, but I am confident this is still the way to go.