Forms occasionally displaying "Press ESC to exit full-screen mode"
User Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 5.1; rv:10.0.1) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/10.0.1
Build ID: 20120208060813

Steps to reproduce:

Apologies for the somewhat less than specific nature of this. I have had it happen several times across Firefox 10 and 10.0.1 (.2 just appeared in auto update) but replicating it has proven difficult.

Again I was unable to replicate it at will but it looks like it appears after watching some HTML5 video (or attempting to- see the "if I had to guess" section in a few paragraphs) in youtube then typing in a form on another tab (be it a forum reply or a simple search engine box- this I did confirm across several sites) displays the "press escape to exit full screen mode" at the top of the screen (where in my case the search box, address bar and tabs are located). I have seen it several times across several sessions, sadly I did not think to grab a screenshot and image search does not have a comparable example but it is identical to the youtube HTML5 version and very different shape, size and location to standard flash.

I do have flash installed (no other active plugins).

Addon list is fairly extensive here (all kept at their current versions as displayed by standard autoupdate- no betas or "off site" ones).
Noscript (also using blitzableiter but that has youtube whitelisted and this looks to be HTML5 related anyway)
RequestPolicy
Both of these should have all requires domains listed (youtube and ytimg) but not any ones for google itself (gstatic and syndication).

Ghostery (built in list set to block everything)
Adblock Plus (standard easylist)
Beef Taco
British English dictionary
Greasemonkey including Yousabletubefix and unblockyoutube (the only scripts active on youtube at the time would be yousabletubefix and if it helps the yousabletubefix comment blocking option has occasionally been failing to work in this setup but not in others)
Tabmixplus (I installed it around the same time as I upgraded to 10 otherwise I have had all these addons for a long time)
Downloadhelper
Firebug (not active at the time)
Beef Taco
Skipscreen

I can go into further depth but most are stock settings. I also block redirect ( network.websocket.auto-follow-http-redirects is set to false among others).

As mentioned replicating it is hard but If I had to guess it seems to happen when HTML5 loads first and fails due to noscript (which is set to block all flash objects and HTML5 even on whitelisted sites) when pressing the play button (as opposed to clicking the video field to unblock objects) and I fail to click enough times to get the flash version and just close the tab instead.
I am not a member of youtube let alone their HTML5 beta and I have not done it using the URL/"youtube API" so I guess it is the addons forcing HTML5 in some manner (yousabletubefix does not have the option to try forcing it that I can see) and I can not see.


Actual results:

"press escape to exit full screen mode" appeared when typing in a form (placing the cursor did nothing) obscuring the address bar for several seconds after I stopped typing (returning the instant I starting typing once more). Simply placing the cursor was not enough- you have to type something (not sure about direction keys).
This lasts until I restart the browser (it started before I closed the tab and remained after I closed it although there were other youtube tabs, I did not try jumping to private browsing and back again).

More detail in the "what did you do section"


Expected results:

"press escape to exit full screen mode" should not have appeared.