Firefox (and Thunderbird) launches slowly on fresh install of Fedora 17 - 10 seconds compared to Chrome instantly
User Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Linux x86_64; rv:16.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/16.0
Build ID: 20121011153927

Steps to reproduce:

I recently did a fresh install of 64-bit Fedora 17.  Firefox is my primary browser on all computers. 

I just came from Ubuntu 12.04.  I switched because I had a problem using my new scanner, and I like Fedora better anyway, so figured I'd give it another shot.  On Ubuntu, Firefox and Thunderbird launched almost instantly.  By comparison, Chromium browser launches instantly in Fedora.  Not Firefox.  I've installed add-ons, but Firefox was one of the first things I used on first boot of the install, and it happened then, too.  I've since tried all the troubleshooting steps for slow launch that are listed on the mozilla support page.  I tried disabling every add-on, even all the ones that come pre-installed (Gnome extension support, Totem, etc).  I have not made any changes using about:config.  I tried posting on my usual forums for help, but have received no replies.  I checked the message log using the System Log Viewer.  Nothing in the message log relating to Firefox.  The only repeated entries are related to two services continually restarting.  I search around for info on that, and it seems the RedHat people are still discussing whether or not that's a problem.  I don't know of any other location to look, but would be more than happy to pry around if given steps. 


Actual results:

My machine is no slouch - Core i7 3.1GHz, 16GB, 128GB SSD.  Everything launches fast, except for Firefox (and Thunderbird).  Each takes about 10 seconds to load.  It doesn't matter if it's the first thing I launch, or if I use it for a while, close it and then immediately re-open it.  It takes about 10 seconds to launch.  I dare say everything in Fedora seems to launch even quicker than Ubuntu, which probably makes the sluggish start of Firefox and Thunderbird stand out even more. 


Expected results:

Firefox (and Thunderbird) should open instantly, as they did on Ubuntu and as Chromium browser does in Fedora and Ubuntu.