[UX] Issues with site specific permissions / preferences
I encountered a few UX issues when working with about:permissions. 

0. There is no way to navigate away from the permission manager page other than closing it. Either show the navigation bar (this is preferable) or show at least a few buttons (like the current extension manager does). 

1. Pressing [Del] on the keyboard should delete the currently selected entry.
 
2. Pressing "Forget about this website" (or however it is called in en) should select the next entry instead of "All websites" (beware of the case when you are deleting "blabla.tld" and the next entry is "www.blabla.tld" – the latter on is delted, too!).

3. The list of websites should be sorted alphabetically (and ignoring "www." while doing so). 

4. The list does not display all entries it could. E. g. delete a few entries from the list, reload the permission manager page, and the list is filled up with "new" pages until a certain threshold. 

5. The in-content site specific prefs page has the title "Permissions manager" (translated from German), this implies that this view is only about permissions for sites. However, deleting an entry means deleting a website from history. Additionally, every site I ever visited is listed in the permissions manager regardless of whether they have the default permissions or not. 


Regarding 4 and 5: 

The scope of the site preferences page is unclear. 

It is either about website permissions, in which case only the websites I've set custom prefs for should be listed (and if you visit the prefs manager from a site which has the default settings, e. g. from the Site Identity panel, add the entry on the fly). This keeps the list short and sane (and more usable). 

Or it is kind of a central control panel for anything site-specific – in this case the info provided should be much more verbose (like the "site info" link form the context menu) AND the pref panel should be clearly marked as such. Plus, there should be links to see the history entries for this page, whether it is bookmarked and what tags are set for it, as well as buttons to reset any custom prefs, clear the history, etc.