pdf.js: The PDF url in the address bar becomes wrong in a certain situation.
User Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.0; rv:19.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/19.0
Build ID: 20130109111322

Steps to reproduce:

1. Search "filetype:pdf any-keyword" in Google or in Yahoo.

ex: keyword: "filetype:pdf book"
https://www.google.co.jp/search?q=filetype%3Apdf+book&ie=utf-8&oe=utf-8&aq=t&rls=org.mozilla:ja:official&hl=ja&client=firefox-beta

2. Click the first search result link, and you will see the first PDF.
Even if you see the message "The PDF might not be displayed correctly" and "Open With Different Viewer", Never click it.

3. Push the back button to go back to Google or Yahoo results.
"Normally", the yellow bar will disappear when you push the back button.

4. Click the second serch result, and you will see the second PDF.
After you see the second PDF, please go back to Google or Yahoo results.

Please keep in mind that even if you see the message "The PDF might not be displayed correctly" and "Open With Different Viewer", Never click it.

Please keep your eys on the address bar and check if the url is valid.

5. Please repeat the same things on the third search result or the followings in the exactky same way.
Before you will see the five or six results, you will notice the following things.

a. The url in the address bar is wrong. The url in the address bar wrongly becomes Google's url or the former PDF's url. It is not the url of the PDF which is shown currently in the browser window. Do you use the frame or iframe in PDF.js?

Reloading window will correct the url in the address bar.

b. But if you encouter the above phenomena, even if you fix the url by reloading the window, you will continue to see the yellow bar with the message "The PDF might not be displayed correctly" and "Open With Different Viewer", and at such time you can not close the yellow bar.

In this case you have to close the tab and have to open a new tab to close the yewllow bar.



Actual results:

The url in the address bar becomes wrong when you keep opening PDFs and going back to the serach result in a row.


Expected results:

The url in the address bar should always show the url of the PDF which is shown in the browser window.