Firefox keeps hanging when there's an input or a textarea for input
I have been noticing that this has been kinda worse as time passes, but only now I think it has stepped over a threshold that is too much to handle.

Problem:
When firefox navigates to a page that includes visible inputs for text (input@type=text, input@type=file or textarea) firefox allocates some extra, quite noticeable, amount of memory. It may hang a bit, but nothing that seem problematic or annoying.

Then, when I try writting something to the textarea or the text inputs it keep hanging and most text I write when it hangs is lost in the input buffer. I need to re-write the text that was not written; and I also need to keep checking if firefox was hanging, or not, while I was writting.


Troubleshooting tries:
I made a clone of my firefox profile and I spent some hours following the guides:
http://kb.mozillazine.org/Firefox_hangs
http://kb.mozillazine.org/Standard_diagnostic_-_Firefox

After 3 tries, I restarted the troubleshooting in -safe-mode and did all the rest only in -safe-mode so that the addons + plugins + my changed settings would not interfere with the testing.

Tabs:
I have about 40 tabs open (I don't know the real number) spread through 5 tab groups and with 7 tabs in the current group.

Memory:
I've noticed that, in my normal use, firefox uses between +-900MB (normal state) but can easily escalate to +-1400MB when I'm using textareas, for example.
In -safe-mode, the "base" memory was 600-800MB and the peak was +-1100MB

This is information given by the resource manager in the commit tab.

One thing I notice that seems to be happening is that firefox keeps doing heavy GC work over and over. I state that because the memory just keeps on fluctuating and never stays +- still.

Platform:
I'm using win6.1 x64 running on an Intel core 2 duo (does not support hiper-threading).

Possible conflicting software:
I use Ms Security Essentials and I use windows firewall.

How to reproduce:
I don't really know any background steps to reproduce this. Probably the main thing here is to have a "decent" number of tabs opened and a computer that is not much powerful and is under a considerable amount of use.