Battery load higher at idle since Maverick update.
Created attachment 827061
FF-27-Drain.pdf

User Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10.9; rv:27.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/27.0 (Beta/Release)
Build ID: 20131104004000

Steps to reproduce:

Over the last week, I have used Safari and Firefox separately, on separate boots with 100% starting charges on my battery. Each time each browser was used under similar reproducible configurations and circumstances (my workflow doesn't change much). Running Firefox on my machine consistently reproduces similar hardware loads and battery drain that on average far exceeds Safari 7 in my comparison on my machine.


Actual results:

Hardware: late 2011 Macbook Pro, 2.4 GHz i5, 8GB RAM, SSD, 94% of batter capacity left according to Coconutbattery app. 
Boot ups are with full 100% charge on battery, Screen 50% brightness, keypad lighting OFF, bluetooth OFF, WiFi is ON, 1 program running in dock; Firefox Aurora or Safari 7. 

Today's example: 
approximately 35 minutes use on battery with 100% charge to start and indicator is showing 88%. Safari does not display this rate of battery drain with the same pages opened. 
Various screen shots of activity panel and the open tabs in Firefox are included. The screen shots are of course snapshots and CPU load varied between 2% and as high as 7% at idle. Idle in this case meaning nothing in the tabs is running (to my knowledge); ads are blocked, flash is blocked (they are mostly contextual pages) and I am writing this or looking at activity monitor.


Expected results:

In my usage over the last week, I have consistently seen Firefox produce CPU loads between 2% and 6% under similar circumstances: between 4-8 tabs that are all mostly text, no video's, with extensions adblockedge, flashblock and lastpass running. Memory loads also seem to remain consistent between 550MB and 750MB. 

Safari 7 shows somewhat similar numbers of CPU and memory in usage under the similar criteria. Safari 7 CPU usage seems to not fluctuate as much and it actually lets go of CPU load in contrast to Firefox at idle. At times, CPU and memory numbers seem to converge to a more one to one relationship, but OS X 10.9 is still reporting their arbitrary energy usage numbers as much higher and the battery usage is significantly higher using Firefox over Safari 7. 

For a period in time, Aurora was flaky in even showing up in the energy usage graph. Reboot fixed that. I would love for Firefox to be at least a little more energy conserving. I understand this may be unique to this machine, but I hope it helps button something up making FF better.