Rare but important warnings got thrown out with the too-common-warning bathwater
Bug 966692 turned off showing JS warning in the console by default.

Unfortunately, there are warnings we want web developers to see because they indicate serious bugs in their sites that are not actually "JS" warnings but are getting lumped in there by the console.  For example the warning about <meta charset> after the sniffing boundary...

This change also makes deprecation warnings not visible by default, which means it's compeletely pointless to warn about deprecations now.  That may significantly affect our ability to evolve the web platform.  That's assuming anyone was paying attention to those warnings to start with, of course.

I realize that some warnings (like the sourcemap thing that jquery hits) are just way too common and we want to not show them by default.  Are there examples other than the sourcemap thing?  I'd like to understand which subsystems exactly are producing too many warnings, and there is no real concrete info on that in bug 966692.

The one concrete thing that _is_ there is that nytimes.com has too many warnings.  When I just loaded it, the JS warnings I see there are:

1) Use of getPreventDefault() is deprecated.  Use defaultPrevented instead. 
2) The character encoding of a framed document was not declared. The document may appear different if viewed without the document framing it.

That doesn't seem particularly overwhelming, but if those warnings are too common we should in fact consider turning them off on the platform level...

I guess my point is that I would like us to make a distinction between "warnings that we want to warn about for pedantic reasons but are hit all the time" and "warnings that are not common but indicate a serious problem when present".  I'm happy to split things into different categories on the Gecko end to accomplish this, but that requires the UI to not lump those categories together (like it does now, with treating HTML parser warnings as "JS" warnings).

Thoughts?

If we do keep the devtools UI as-is, we should just remove all the infrastructure we have for deprecation warnings and such in Gecko, since it becomes completely pointless.