bookmarks file is overwritten by an empty file in a certain mount sequence
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.6) Gecko/20040207 Firefox/0.8
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.6) Gecko/20040207 Firefox/0.8

The following sequence will cause the bookmarks file to be overwritten with an
empty file: 

Say the 'browser.bookmarks.file' setting is ponting to /shared/bookmarks.html
and the file system that contains this file is not yet mounted.

Start FireFox, internally FireFox creates an empty bookmark file, the
bookmarks menu shows empty.

Mount the volume where the bookmarks file is located.

Exit FireFox, this causes the empty bookmarks file to overwirte the existing
bookmarks file!

notes:

This bug is related to bug 206567 about deleting symbolic links by FireFox.

This bug can commonly occur when users are sharing the bookmarks file between
multiple operating systems in a dual boot configuration, or probably sharing it
on a network volume.


Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1.Unmount volume containing bookmarks file
2.Start FireFox
3.Mount volume containing bookmarks file
4.Exit FireFox
5.Bookmarks file is overwritten without any alert

Actual Results:  
old bookmarks file lost

Expected Results:  
1- alert the user at startup, that a new bookmark file has been created because
the default bookmarks file or the one pointed to by 'browser.bookmarks.file' is
not accessable for some reason. No action is required here, this is just a
dialog box with ok.

2- When a new bookmark file is created in memory, the application should keep a
flag, and then when writing the file for the first time, it should be verified
that the file does not exist, if it does exist, then this is an unexpected
condition, and the user is alerted, and given choices: 
  - to overwrite the file and lose data.
  - to save the bookmarks file of the current session to some temp file.

3- it would be much better to avoid data loss, that the application keeps a back
up copy of the old bookmarks file, as is common in other applications.



Bookmark files can be located on network volumes or shared partitions, if the
application is making assumptions and acting in silence without alerting the
user, it can lead to problems. The application should identify abnormal
situations and alert the user.

I haven't tested when dierectories in the bookmark file path don't exist, am not
sure if FireFox will create these directories without alert.