Cannot use the Internet keys that are programmed for specific webpages with the Logitech Keyboards
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)

I have several Logitech wireless keyboards, all of them have 9 buttons along the
top of the keyboard that you can program them to directly go to a specific site
when pressing them. This works well under Internet Explorer and Netscape
Navigator 7.2 and all previous versions, but Foxfire 1.0 and Foxfire 1.1 will
not work regardless if it is the default browser or not. I even did a clean
install of Windows XP and it still won't work. However Netscape Navigator and IE
work perfectly. I have tried Foxfire on several machines and the only thing
preventing me from replacing IE and Netscape Navigator, is the inability to get
Foxfire to work with the internet keys on the keyboard. I have re-installed the
logitech software to no avail and on a clean install the same exact things
happens. I would LOVE to replace Navigator with Foxfire on all the office
machines, but until this is fixed I cannot do so....


Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.install Foxfire
2.Using a logitech keyboard and iTouch software, press one of the programmed
internet keys to surf to the site
3.

Actual Results:  
 (when programming your keys, you can put a title that you want displayed
on-screen when a specific key is pressed)  All you see is the title, no response. 

Expected Results:  
The browser should have started, and the site you have programmed, I.E.
google.com , should be displayed in the browser.

No crashes, its just that nothing happens, and you can immediately run foxfire,
netscape navigator or IE by clicking on the icon on the desktop. If I have
netscape running, then hit an internet key, netscape will goto the site
programmed by the keypress, (If foxfire was set as default browser). If netscape
is set as default browser, any internet key will automatically open netscape and
goto the site programmed by that button.
It doesn't matter on a clean O/S install that netscape is installed or not,
Foxfire will not automatically run by pressing a programmed internet key. IE
always works, and netscape always works if it is installed.