url bar search (not deactivated google bar) returns "I'm feeling lucky" result regardless of about:config browser.search.defaulturl contents
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.7.10) Gecko/20050725 Firefox/1.0.6 (Ubuntu package 1.0.6)
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.7.10) Gecko/20050725 Firefox/1.0.6 (Ubuntu package 1.0.6)

Until recently I have eliminated the google search bar since I prefer to just
enter search terms into the URL bar and save the real estate.

In the last week or so I've started to see searches return "I'm feeling lucky"
results, which is no doubt another change inspired by some genius with too much
time on their hands. Searching google (unfortunately requiring a trip to
google's home page first) yielded a nice page with a presumed fix:

http://kb.mozillazine.org/Firefox_:_Tips_:_Location_Bar_Search

Greatly cheered, I naively entered the "fix" (though I was a hair dubious, since
the default string listed did not match my original string).

So I tried a few variants. I tried old mozilla strings. I tried random
gibberish. No matter what, the same behavior exhibits itself, leering at me with
tongue fully extended and eyes bulging, lording its superior power over my
feeble user efforts to dare to ask for 'a little bit more.'

Same thing happens on windows, though I'm typing this from Linux. I have tried
newly downloaded versions; same stuff.

Oddly, it doesn't happen on my Mac yet, though the about:config string is the
same. I hesitate to mention this as it might encourage our genius to hunt down
this sole remaining bastion of satisfaction and redhat it. But in the interests
of science I'll put my future at risk.

If nobody is going to own up and fix this (hey, no user control is a feature! We
know what's best!) could someone at least mention what older versions actually
do work?

Thanks!

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. type something nonurlish in url bar
2. scream in horror at result
3. change about:config string as per instructions mentioned above
4. Repeat process ad infinitum

Actual Results:  
I felt lucky whether I felt lucky or not. Generally, my luck ran out.

Expected Results:  
Delivered google search results page.

Mac is 1.6 but not recently upgraded. I shall probably never upgrade it again.